walk 693 meters east
walk 768 meters south
walk 566 meters west
walk 486 meters north
walk 320 meters south
walk 889 meters west
walk 307 meters south
walk 619 meters east
walk 422 meters south
walk 673 meters east
walk 921 meters east
walk 664 meters east
walk 686 meters north
walk 810 meters east
walk 669 meters west
walk 390 meters west
walk 278 meters west
walk 712 meters west
walk 79 meters south
walk 787 meters north
walk 261 meters north
walk 550 meters north
walk 34 meters south
walk 340 meters east
walk 983 meters east
walk 435 meters east
walk 572 meters south
walk 62 meters south
walk 484 meters north
walk 559 meters south
walk 423 meters west
walk 930 meters north
walk 241 meters south
walk 124 meters south
walk 806 meters north
walk 605 meters west
walk 772 meters south
walk 1000 meters south
walk 417 meters east
walk 631 meters north
walk 996 meters east
walk 430 meters west
walk 350 meters north
walk 516 meters south
walk 996 meters north
walk 557 meters west
walk 906 meters west
walk 808 meters east
walk 985 meters south
walk 636 meters north
walk 759 meters west
walk 965 meters north
walk 748 meters east
walk 96 meters south
walk 231 meters west
walk 440 meters south
walk 230 meters east
walk 72 meters west
walk 274 meters east
walk 313 meters east
walk 836 meters north
walk 1000 meters west
walk 395 meters north
walk 44 meters south
walk 467 meters north
walk 182 meters south
walk 128 meters east
walk 260 meters north
walk 113 meters north
walk 915 meters east
walk 653 meters north
walk 689 meters north
walk 45 meters north
walk 449 meters north
walk 929 meters east
walk 190 meters north
walk 613 meters north
walk 977 meters north
walk 59 meters south
walk 14 meters east
walk 896 meters west
walk 402 meters south
walk 120 meters east
walk 748 meters north
walk 401 meters south
walk 328 meters north
walk 432 meters west
walk 734 meters south
walk 724 meters west
walk 58 meters south
walk 242 meters west
walk 737 meters south
walk 254 meters west
walk 526 meters north
walk 752 meters north
walk 8 meters east
walk 455 meters north
walk 96 meters south
walk 137 meters east
walk 581 meters east
walk 360 meters west
walk 287 meters south
walk 446 meters west
walk 486 meters west
walk 409 meters west
walk 312 meters west
walk 943 meters south
walk 625 meters west
walk 324 meters north
walk 998 meters south
walk 199 meters west
walk 410 meters west
walk 847 meters west
walk 216 meters east
walk 103 meters west
walk 264 meters north
walk 820 meters west
walk 766 meters west
walk 955 meters north
walk 138 meters south
walk 998 meters west
walk 946 meters north
walk 870 meters east
walk 776 meters east
walk 483 meters east
walk 234 meters north
walk 879 meters east
walk 959 meters north
walk 819 meters north
walk 968 meters west
walk 666 meters north
walk 912 meters south
walk 651 meters south
walk 358 meters west
walk 990 meters south
walk 992 meters east
walk 898 meters south
walk 220 meters west
walk 233 meters south
walk 758 meters east
walk 90 meters west
walk 929 meters north
walk 147 meters east
walk 131 meters north
walk 441 meters north
walk 51 meters north
walk 738 meters south
walk 353 meters south
walk 286 meters west
walk 200 meters west
walk 644 meters west
walk 828 meters south
walk 768 meters south
walk 404 meters west
walk 867 meters north
walk 527 meters west
walk 762 meters west
walk 262 meters north
walk 362 meters west
walk 978 meters north
walk 816 meters east
walk 489 meters north
walk 103 meters east
walk 960 meters south
walk 286 meters east
walk 630 meters south
walk 83 meters east
walk 871 meters north
walk 20 meters west
walk 577 meters east
walk 805 meters south
walk 262 meters west
walk 427 meters west
walk 706 meters east
walk 554 meters south
walk 384 meters east
walk 956 meters south
walk 241 meters south
walk 77 meters east
walk 298 meters south
walk 851 meters east
walk 138 meters east
walk 297 meters north
walk 24 meters west
walk 418 meters south
walk 881 meters west
walk 536 meters west
walk 365 meters south
walk 614 meters north
walk 604 meters east
walk 440 meters south
walk 471 meters south
walk 628 meters east
walk 879 meters west
walk 21 meters east
walk 701 meters south
walk 596 meters south
walk 216 meters east
walk 235 meters south
walk 736 meters west
walk 91 meters west
walk 801 meters east
walk 253 meters west
walk 859 meters west
walk 311 meters west
walk 419 meters south
walk 106 meters north
walk 398 meters west
walk 670 meters east
walk 462 meters south
walk 334 meters north
walk 834 meters north
walk 408 meters west
walk 944 meters east
walk 67 meters south
walk 967 meters south
walk 857 meters east
walk 189 meters south
walk 292 meters east
walk 104 meters north
walk 225 meters south
walk 108 meters north
walk 121 meters east
walk 817 meters south
walk 113 meters south
walk 741 meters east
walk 384 meters east
walk 720 meters north
walk 185 meters north
walk 704 meters north
walk 459 meters north
walk 876 meters north
walk 791 meters east
walk 562 meters north
walk 62 meters south
walk 286 meters west
walk 135 meters south
walk 320 meters west
walk 982 meters west
walk 363 meters west
walk 929 meters south
walk 907 meters north
walk 732 meters east
walk 582 meters south
walk 50 meters east
walk 377 meters south
walk 807 meters south
walk 828 meters south
walk 934 meters east
walk 964 meters north
walk 121 meters south
walk 102 meters west
walk 249 meters north
walk 59 meters south
walk 474 meters west
walk 556 meters south
walk 301 meters north
walk 556 meters west
walk 517 meters south
walk 15 meters south
walk 108 meters east
walk 732 meters south
walk 280 meters south
walk 52 meters east
walk 878 meters east
walk 402 meters north
walk 541 meters east
walk 561 meters north
walk 56 meters south
walk 841 meters north
walk 576 meters west
walk 120 meters east
walk 104 meters west
walk 868 meters south
walk 665 meters east
walk 668 meters north
walk 1000 meters east
walk 546 meters north
walk 740 meters east
walk 157 meters south
walk 480 meters east
walk 336 meters east
walk 857 meters east
walk 996 meters west
walk 240 meters north
walk 162 meters south
walk 162 meters south
walk 300 meters north
walk 174 meters south
walk 352 meters east
walk 907 meters north
walk 14 meters east
walk 527 meters west
walk 562 meters south
walk 49 meters south
walk 711 meters east
walk 814 meters west
walk 909 meters north
walk 2 meters east
walk 902 meters south
walk 898 meters south
walk 482 meters north
walk 189 meters west
walk 788 meters north
walk 44 meters south
walk 989 meters south
walk 349 meters south
walk 40 meters west
walk 888 meters north
walk 23 meters south
walk 38 meters south
walk 319 meters north
walk 897 meters east
walk 686 meters west
walk 375 meters south
walk 323 meters south
walk 544 meters east
walk 67 meters east
walk 145 meters east
walk 212 meters west
walk 713 meters north
walk 447 meters south
walk 693 meters north
walk 538 meters east
walk 854 meters east
walk 351 meters west
walk 462 meters east
walk 946 meters north
walk 355 meters west
walk 158 meters north
walk 917 meters south
walk 464 meters north
walk 34 meters north
walk 743 meters west
walk 82 meters south
walk 396 meters east
walk 10 meters south
walk 68 meters east
walk 345 meters south
walk 2 meters east
walk 303 meters south
walk 984 meters south
walk 278 meters west
walk 72 meters east
walk 637 meters north
walk 897 meters west
walk 535 meters south
walk 655 meters east
walk 674 meters east
walk 823 meters south
walk 321 meters south
walk 93 meters south
walk 969 meters west
walk 576 meters east
walk 950 meters south
walk 85 meters south
walk 352 meters north
walk 646 meters west
walk 520 meters south
walk 252 meters west
walk 232 meters north
walk 839 meters south
walk 977 meters east
walk 319 meters west
walk 41 meters east
walk 563 meters south
walk 701 meters west
walk 371 meters north
walk 919 meters west
walk 71 meters east
walk 275 meters west
walk 737 meters south
walk 574 meters south
walk 81 meters north
walk 179 meters east
walk 201 meters east
walk 514 meters west
walk 404 meters east
walk 872 meters north
walk 807 meters east
walk 253 meters south
walk 669 meters east
walk 179 meters south
walk 483 meters south
walk 605 meters west
walk 463 meters east
walk 930 meters east
walk 904 meters north
walk 658 meters east
walk 497 meters south
walk 908 meters west
walk 42 meters north
walk 248 meters east
walk 834 meters east
walk 323 meters east
walk 389 meters south
walk 736 meters west
walk 707 meters east
walk 878 meters east
walk 700 meters east
walk 701 meters north
walk 288 meters west
walk 470 meters south
walk 880 meters west
walk 481 meters west
walk 270 meters north
walk 879 meters east
walk 811 meters south
walk 972 meters north
walk 121 meters north
walk 844 meters south
walk 953 meters east
walk 57 meters south
walk 379 meters west
walk 305 meters west
walk 692 meters north
walk 924 meters south
walk 903 meters east
walk 117 meters south
walk 700 meters south
walk 769 meters north
walk 93 meters south
walk 260 meters north
walk 738 meters east
walk 307 meters west
walk 933 meters east
walk 64 meters east
walk 241 meters south
walk 954 meters south
walk 247 meters west
walk 364 meters south
walk 360 meters north
walk 920 meters north
walk 630 meters west
walk 560 meters north
walk 383 meters east
walk 235 meters north
walk 262 meters south
walk 891 meters south
walk 634 meters south
walk 17 meters north
walk 643 meters south
walk 482 meters north
walk 581 meters west
walk 556 meters west
walk 900 meters south
walk 736 meters north
walk 313 meters south
walk 421 meters west
walk 801 meters north
walk 814 meters north
walk 594 meters north
walk 875 meters south
walk 933 meters west
walk 770 meters south
walk 22 meters north
walk 220 meters north
walk 748 meters north
walk 671 meters north
walk 125 meters east
walk 206 meters west
walk 156 meters south
walk 528 meters east
walk 11 meters east
walk 472 meters west
walk 36 meters east
walk 188 meters west
walk 189 meters east
walk 383 meters north
walk 782 meters north
walk 270 meters east
walk 495 meters east
walk 584 meters east
walk 425 meters east
walk 347 meters north
walk 255 meters south
walk 301 meters north
walk 954 meters north
walk 707 meters south
walk 650 meters west
walk 972 meters south
walk 450 meters south
walk 310 meters north
walk 73 meters north
walk 151 meters east
walk 862 meters south
walk 508 meters east
walk 252 meters south
walk 64 meters west
walk 780 meters east
walk 703 meters west
walk 286 meters east
walk 456 meters west
walk 328 meters north
walk 712 meters east
walk 18 meters west
walk 36 meters west
walk 365 meters south
walk 889 meters north
walk 297 meters west
walk 205 meters east
walk 20 meters east
walk 14 meters west
walk 306 meters east
walk 439 meters west
walk 147 meters north
walk 772 meters west
walk 208 meters north
walk 504 meters west
walk 21 meters east
walk 357 meters south
walk 163 meters north
walk 850 meters east
walk 134 meters east
walk 206 meters north
walk 692 meters north
walk 894 meters south
walk 80 meters west
walk 442 meters north
walk 863 meters south
walk 531 meters east
walk 183 meters east
walk 263 meters east
walk 641 meters south
walk 300 meters south
walk 455 meters north
walk 838 meters west
walk 99 meters west
walk 113 meters west
walk 816 meters east
walk 772 meters east
walk 241 meters east
walk 471 meters west
walk 434 meters south
walk 557 meters east
walk 943 meters north
walk 825 meters south
walk 991 meters north
walk 258 meters south
walk 928 meters east
walk 581 meters north
walk 515 meters north
walk 676 meters west
walk 469 meters south
walk 558 meters east
walk 11 meters west
walk 94 meters north
walk 19 meters north
walk 306 meters south
walk 894 meters south
walk 262 meters north
walk 946 meters east
walk 182 meters west
walk 130 meters north
walk 434 meters west
walk 564 meters east
walk 966 meters east
walk 634 meters north
walk 83 meters east
walk 219 meters north
walk 821 meters north
walk 449 meters north
walk 248 meters west
walk 348 meters west
walk 994 meters west
walk 510 meters west
walk 835 meters west
walk 85 meters east
walk 290 meters west
walk 315 meters west
walk 641 meters west
walk 319 meters north
walk 502 meters west
walk 119 meters north
walk 821 meters west
walk 886 meters east
walk 981 meters south
walk 238 meters north
walk 926 meters west
walk 490 meters south
walk 452 meters north
walk 98 meters west
walk 869 meters south
walk 404 meters east
walk 319 meters north
walk 670 meters south
walk 884 meters east
walk 220 meters north
walk 401 meters west
walk 828 meters west
walk 51 meters south
walk 401 meters west
walk 759 meters north
walk 694 meters south
walk 572 meters north
walk 27 meters east
walk 681 meters west
walk 156 meters north
walk 748 meters east
walk 472 meters east
walk 724 meters south
walk 987 meters north
walk 815 meters east
walk 578 meters west
walk 140 meters south
walk 930 meters south
walk 900 meters west
walk 901 meters east
walk 142 meters west
walk 392 meters south
walk 549 meters north
walk 54 meters east
walk 66 meters east
walk 899 meters east
walk 19 meters south
walk 240 meters east
walk 596 meters west
walk 938 meters south
walk 843 meters north
walk 986 meters north
walk 385 meters west
walk 70 meters north
walk 599 meters east
walk 308 meters east
walk 347 meters south
walk 784 meters north
walk 905 meters north
walk 928 meters east
walk 9 meters east
walk 164 meters east
walk 890 meters north
walk 213 meters south
walk 611 meters north
walk 975 meters west
walk 726 meters west
walk 304 meters south
walk 676 meters south
walk 875 meters east
walk 460 meters east
walk 29 meters north
walk 326 meters south
walk 358 meters north
walk 666 meters west
walk 20 meters west
walk 101 meters east
walk 738 meters south
walk 182 meters east
walk 165 meters south
walk 925 meters west
walk 283 meters west
walk 347 meters north
walk 752 meters west
walk 215 meters east
walk 945 meters south
walk 336 meters west
walk 968 meters east
walk 323 meters west
walk 872 meters south
walk 284 meters east
walk 841 meters south
walk 140 meters west
walk 115 meters north
walk 497 meters west
walk 56 meters north
walk 240 meters north
walk 82 meters south
walk 502 meters east
walk 186 meters west
walk 600 meters east
walk 596 meters east
walk 998 meters west
walk 955 meters east
walk 991 meters north
walk 12 meters north
walk 426 meters west
walk 977 meters north
walk 796 meters south
walk 620 meters south
walk 678 meters south
walk 372 meters south
walk 297 meters west
walk 945 meters east
walk 672 meters west
walk 365 meters east
walk 7 meters south
walk 750 meters north
walk 124 meters north
walk 992 meters south
walk 270 meters east
walk 194 meters north
walk 183 meters north
walk 802 meters east
walk 208 meters north
walk 691 meters south
walk 312 meters east
walk 983 meters east
walk 866 meters south
walk 5 meters east
walk 559 meters east
walk 818 meters west
walk 509 meters west
walk 928 meters east
walk 121 meters east
walk 636 meters east
walk 569 meters west
walk 303 meters east
walk 781 meters east
walk 889 meters north
walk 312 meters south
walk 227 meters east
walk 642 meters north
walk 816 meters south
walk 29 meters east
walk 117 meters east
walk 150 meters east
walk 242 meters south
walk 703 meters north
walk 93 meters west
walk 756 meters east
walk 137 meters west
walk 756 meters west
walk 520 meters south
walk 674 meters south
walk 991 meters east
walk 834 meters west
walk 41 meters west
walk 399 meters east
walk 962 meters south
walk 65 meters west
walk 468 meters west
walk 29 meters north
walk 801 meters west
walk 85 meters north
walk 865 meters east
walk 586 meters west
walk 291 meters south
walk 36 meters south
walk 427 meters south
walk 514 meters east
walk 469 meters south
walk 262 meters west
walk 567 meters east
walk 334 meters west
walk 347 meters west
walk 420 meters west
walk 598 meters east
walk 946 meters east
walk 803 meters north
walk 979 meters north
walk 36 meters east
walk 226 meters north
walk 710 meters north
walk 390 meters east
walk 946 meters south
walk 837 meters west
walk 637 meters south
walk 675 meters south
walk 718 meters north
walk 789 meters south
walk 204 meters north
walk 270 meters south
walk 41 meters north
walk 972 meters south
walk 723 meters south
walk 886 meters east
walk 493 meters south
walk 558 meters south
walk 758 meters west
walk 827 meters south
walk 828 meters south
walk 127 meters west
walk 483 meters east
walk 941 meters east
walk 469 meters south
walk 370 meters south
walk 465 meters east
walk 741 meters north
walk 649 meters south
walk 12 meters north
walk 57 meters north
walk 373 meters east
walk 820 meters east
walk 372 meters west
walk 944 meters west
walk 699 meters west
walk 506 meters north
walk 122 meters south
walk 52 meters south
walk 106 meters west
walk 802 meters south
walk 724 meters north
walk 734 meters east
walk 492 meters east
walk 851 meters north
walk 329 meters south
walk 999 meters east
walk 755 meters south
walk 462 meters south
walk 752 meters north
walk 981 meters east
walk 814 meters west
walk 322 meters west
walk 433 meters north
walk 990 meters south
walk 604 meters east
walk 281 meters west
walk 82 meters west
walk 909 meters east
walk 467 meters north
walk 556 meters south
walk 578 meters east
walk 493 meters north
walk 853 meters west
walk 973 meters south
walk 605 meters west
walk 723 meters south
walk 698 meters south
walk 849 meters east
walk 143 meters south
walk 191 meters east
walk 286 meters west
walk 302 meters north
walk 953 meters west
walk 535 meters east
walk 798 meters west
walk 202 meters west
walk 631 meters east
walk 665 meters south
walk 38 meters west
walk 564 meters north
walk 686 meters south
walk 242 meters south
walk 224 meters south
walk 63 meters north
walk 129 meters east
walk 747 meters west
walk 636 meters north
walk 19 meters west
walk 940 meters east
walk 949 meters south
walk 984 meters north
walk 944 meters north
walk 429 meters east
walk 348 meters east
walk 187 meters north
walk 294 meters south
walk 979 meters north
walk 605 meters east
walk 268 meters west
walk 941 meters south
walk 993 meters east
walk 858 meters east
walk 293 meters south
walk 885 meters south
walk 973 meters north
walk 522 meters north
walk 385 meters west
walk 71 meters east
walk 367 meters south
walk 625 meters west
walk 259 meters north
walk 211 meters east
walk 857 meters east
walk 918 meters north
walk 669 meters east
walk 33 meters east
walk 163 meters north
walk 374 meters west
walk 500 meters east
walk 668 meters north
walk 45 meters west
walk 4 meters north
walk 423 meters south
walk 821 meters east
walk 397 meters east
walk 639 meters north
walk 278 meters east
walk 734 meters west
walk 71 meters east
walk 368 meters south
walk 987 meters west
walk 40 meters north
walk 454 meters south
walk 716 meters north
walk 331 meters north
walk 17 meters west
walk 652 meters south
walk 814 meters north
walk 604 meters north
walk 800 meters north
walk 591 meters east
walk 63 meters west
walk 48 meters east
walk 264 meters east
walk 612 meters east
walk 427 meters south
walk 706 meters north
walk 140 meters east
walk 835 meters west
walk 90 meters west
walk 171 meters east
walk 941 meters south
walk 147 meters south
walk 905 meters east
walk 424 meters north
walk 778 meters west
walk 320 meters south
walk 502 meters east
walk 919 meters south
walk 474 meters east
walk 244 meters south
walk 375 meters south
walk 313 meters south
walk 772 meters east
walk 339 meters west
walk 686 meters south
walk 685 meters north
walk 217 meters south
walk 746 meters west
walk 359 meters south
walk 155 meters east
walk 148 meters south
walk 305 meters west
walk 142 meters south
walk 623 meters west
walk 158 meters west
walk 7 meters east
walk 380 meters north
walk 352 meters north
walk 212 meters north
walk 427 meters south
walk 360 meters west
walk 647 meters north
walk 470 meters north
walk 202 meters north
walk 539 meters south
walk 48 meters west
walk 484 meters north
walk 142 meters west
walk 457 meters east
walk 575 meters north
walk 839 meters east
walk 289 meters south
walk 729 meters south
walk 398 meters south
walk 288 meters west
walk 483 meters north
walk 593 meters north
walk 409 meters north
walk 540 meters east
walk 864 meters south
walk 484 meters north
walk 60 meters east
walk 630 meters north
walk 200 meters south
walk 992 meters south
walk 388 meters north
walk 152 meters west
walk 799 meters south
walk 365 meters south
walk 519 meters north
walk 605 meters east
walk 739 meters west
walk 327 meters north
walk 974 meters west
walk 841 meters north
walk 832 meters north
walk 447 meters east
walk 171 meters east
walk 796 meters west
walk 625 meters east
walk 925 meters south
walk 968 meters south
walk 299 meters west
walk 666 meters south
walk 322 meters south
walk 501 meters south
walk 725 meters east
walk 313 meters south
walk 733 meters south
walk 852 meters north
walk 362 meters west
walk 906 meters west
walk 965 meters north
walk 111 meters north
walk 88 meters west
walk 893 meters south
walk 947 meters east
walk 76 meters east
walk 145 meters west
walk 400 meters north
walk 517 meters north
walk 597 meters south
walk 132 meters south
walk 562 meters west
walk 656 meters west
walk 499 meters south
walk 1000 meters south
walk 508 meters south
walk 30 meters north
walk 781 meters east
walk 30 meters north
walk 625 meters west
walk 240 meters south
walk 918 meters east
walk 447 meters north
walk 312 meters south
walk 647 meters north
walk 69 meters north
walk 766 meters east
walk 434 meters east
walk 913 meters south
walk 182 meters east
walk 909 meters east
walk 505 meters south
walk 618 meters east
walk 77 meters west
walk 287 meters west
walk 557 meters west
walk 980 meters east
walk 396 meters west
walk 254 meters west
walk 8 meters south
walk 495 meters north
walk 151 meters east
walk 973 meters west
walk 315 meters south
walk 738 meters west
walk 246 meters south
walk 604 meters west
walk 59 meters north
walk 549 meters east
walk 289 meters west
walk 704 meters east
walk 235 meters north
walk 435 meters north
walk 467 meters west
walk 449 meters west
walk 553 meters south
walk 143 meters north
walk 634 meters north
walk 703 meters east
walk 81 meters west
walk 700 meters south
walk 797 meters west
walk 242 meters east
walk 269 meters west
walk 384 meters west
walk 444 meters north
walk 816 meters west
walk 689 meters west
walk 659 meters east
walk 602 meters south
walk 1000 meters west
walk 734 meters east
walk 169 meters north
walk 85 meters south
walk 214 meters south
walk 926 meters south
walk 247 meters east
walk 400 meters north
walk 405 meters east
walk 501 meters north
walk 56 meters east
walk 144 meters east
walk 57 meters east
walk 323 meters south
walk 441 meters east
walk 132 meters west
walk 857 meters east
walk 59 meters south
walk 591 meters south
walk 231 meters north
walk 489 meters north
walk 671 meters south
walk 423 meters north
walk 491 meters west
walk 368 meters south
walk 565 meters east
walk 924 meters east
walk 634 meters west
walk 152 meters south
walk 77 meters north
walk 832 meters east
walk 553 meters north
walk 976 meters east
walk 84 meters west
walk 537 meters east
walk 75 meters east
walk 201 meters south
walk 245 meters east
walk 57 meters north
walk 488 meters north
walk 233 meters west
walk 587 meters west
walk 306 meters west
walk 355 meters north
walk 175 meters west
walk 469 meters south
walk 280 meters south
walk 542 meters south
walk 792 meters west
walk 465 meters south
walk 55 meters east
walk 999 meters east
walk 914 meters east
walk 26 meters east
walk 519 meters south
walk 826 meters west
walk 925 meters west
walk 566 meters north
walk 795 meters west
walk 4 meters north
walk 990 meters south
walk 172 meters north
walk 828 meters east
walk 943 meters east
walk 977 meters east
walk 992 meters west
walk 163 meters east
walk 997 meters west
walk 738 meters south
walk 328 meters east
walk 985 meters south
walk 848 meters west
walk 374 meters south
walk 117 meters east
walk 960 meters south
walk 445 meters east
walk 796 meters north
walk 961 meters south
walk 596 meters north
walk 560 meters east
walk 266 meters south
walk 1000 meters north
walk 966 meters east
walk 256 meters south
walk 749 meters north
walk 974 meters west
walk 187 meters north
walk 796 meters south
walk 615 meters west
walk 333 meters west
walk 947 meters south
walk 148 meters north
walk 824 meters north
walk 848 meters south
walk 550 meters north
walk 747 meters north
walk 739 meters north
walk 462 meters south
walk 735 meters west
walk 793 meters south
walk 387 meters north
walk 377 meters west
walk 15 meters west
walk 731 meters south
walk 252 meters north
walk 335 meters west
walk 338 meters west
walk 852 meters south
walk 744 meters north
walk 313 meters south
walk 813 meters south
walk 698 meters south
walk 889 meters south
walk 780 meters north
walk 497 meters west
walk 684 meters north
walk 76 meters east
walk 528 meters east
walk 738 meters west
walk 42 meters south
walk 701 meters west
walk 409 meters west
walk 622 meters west
walk 130 meters west
walk 959 meters north
walk 242 meters south
walk 425 meters north
walk 432 meters west
walk 860 meters south
walk 433 meters west
walk 352 meters east
walk 113 meters south
walk 467 meters south
walk 643 meters east
walk 481 meters east
walk 657 meters east
walk 683 meters west
walk 598 meters west
walk 410 meters north
walk 362 meters north
walk 640 meters west
walk 140 meters north
walk 144 meters north
walk 336 meters west
walk 130 meters east
walk 28 meters east
walk 528 meters east
walk 133 meters east
walk 268 meters south
walk 807 meters west
walk 393 meters west
walk 952 meters south
walk 619 meters east
walk 402 meters south
walk 5 meters north
walk 788 meters north
walk 732 meters east
walk 435 meters north
walk 931 meters west
walk 315 meters north
walk 527 meters east
walk 195 meters north
walk 383 meters east
walk 724 meters south
walk 912 meters west
walk 155 meters east
walk 207 meters east
walk 847 meters west
walk 610 meters north
walk 704 meters south
walk 438 meters west
walk 276 meters west
walk 612 meters west
walk 731 meters south
walk 217 meters east
walk 916 meters west
walk 736 meters north
walk 477 meters north
walk 357 meters west
walk 883 meters west
walk 966 meters north
walk 672 meters south
walk 578 meters west
walk 409 meters north
walk 610 meters south
walk 418 meters east
walk 27 meters west
walk 592 meters north
walk 68 meters east
walk 354 meters south
walk 507 meters east
walk 376 meters east
walk 327 meters north
walk 515 meters east
walk 868 meters west
walk 623 meters east
walk 280 meters east
walk 200 meters west
walk 51 meters north
walk 507 meters west
walk 758 meters south
walk 245 meters north
walk 68 meters south
walk 252 meters south
walk 221 meters east
walk 399 meters west
walk 137 meters south
walk 856 meters north
walk 745 meters west
walk 771 meters west
walk 814 meters east
walk 404 meters west
walk 89 meters north
walk 851 meters north
walk 708 meters north
walk 56 meters south
walk 859 meters north
walk 859 meters east
walk 544 meters south
walk 45 meters north
walk 275 meters south
walk 275 meters east
walk 657 meters west
walk 371 meters north
walk 334 meters south
walk 834 meters south
walk 833 meters west
walk 259 meters west
walk 79 meters west
walk 372 meters west
walk 107 meters east
walk 160 meters south
walk 841 meters east
walk 826 meters east
walk 294 meters east
walk 62 meters north
walk 940 meters west
walk 140 meters north
walk 978 meters west
walk 479 meters east
walk 980 meters west
walk 21 meters west
walk 983 meters north
walk 494 meters south
walk 221 meters north
walk 605 meters north
walk 594 meters north
walk 691 meters west
walk 516 meters south
walk 322 meters east
walk 377 meters south
walk 413 meters west
walk 888 meters west
walk 675 meters west
walk 260 meters south
walk 615 meters south
walk 614 meters west
walk 909 meters east
walk 539 meters west
walk 871 meters south
walk 653 meters south
walk 924 meters north
walk 882 meters west
walk 147 meters east
walk 837 meters west
walk 372 meters east
walk 23 meters south
walk 431 meters west
walk 413 meters south
walk 869 meters south
walk 333 meters south
walk 153 meters west
walk 760 meters east
walk 18 meters east
walk 994 meters south
walk 950 meters north
walk 230 meters north
walk 155 meters south
walk 329 meters south
walk 491 meters south
walk 43 meters north
walk 906 meters east
walk 513 meters east
walk 725 meters east
walk 338 meters south
walk 857 meters west
walk 774 meters east
walk 679 meters east
walk 580 meters south
walk 926 meters west
walk 447 meters south
walk 382 meters west
walk 432 meters east
walk 471 meters east
walk 67 meters north
walk 571 meters west
walk 597 meters east
walk 943 meters west
walk 752 meters east
walk 881 meters east
walk 717 meters north
walk 414 meters east
walk 530 meters north
walk 627 meters south
walk 556 meters north
walk 738 meters south
walk 436 meters west
walk 154 meters west
walk 752 meters south
walk 352 meters west
walk 416 meters west
walk 378 meters east
walk 225 meters north
walk 61 meters south
walk 975 meters east
walk 460 meters west
walk 485 meters north
walk 676 meters east
walk 784 meters east
walk 467 meters west
walk 116 meters north
walk 248 meters north
walk 447 meters west
walk 25 meters south
walk 97 meters east
walk 27 meters north
walk 706 meters south
walk 13 meters north
walk 963 meters south
walk 38 meters west
walk 53 meters west
walk 736 meters east
walk 869 meters north
walk 400 meters east
walk 928 meters east
walk 252 meters north
walk 196 meters south
walk 707 meters south
walk 309 meters east
walk 971 meters east
walk 333 meters north
walk 713 meters north
walk 784 meters south
walk 53 meters south
walk 140 meters south
walk 598 meters south
walk 177 meters east
walk 37 meters east
walk 692 meters west
walk 129 meters west
walk 168 meters south
walk 499 meters north
walk 331 meters east
walk 91 meters south
walk 90 meters south
walk 770 meters west
walk 434 meters south
walk 824 meters west
walk 115 meters west
walk 637 meters east
walk 788 meters south
walk 107 meters south
walk 340 meters north
walk 164 meters east
walk 566 meters west
walk 599 meters west
walk 457 meters north
walk 32 meters east
walk 115 meters west
walk 488 meters south
walk 518 meters east
walk 678 meters east
walk 529 meters east
walk 384 meters south
walk 480 meters south
walk 708 meters north
walk 981 meters west
walk 294 meters south
walk 247 meters south
walk 36 meters west
walk 79 meters west
walk 675 meters east
walk 156 meters north
walk 240 meters south
walk 536 meters south
walk 808 meters north
walk 298 meters west
walk 387 meters east
walk 770 meters south
walk 909 meters south
walk 966 meters south
walk 814 meters east
walk 945 meters north
walk 338 meters east
walk 336 meters north
walk 823 meters east
walk 91 meters north
walk 112 meters north
walk 118 meters east
walk 93 meters east
walk 599 meters west
walk 190 meters east
walk 735 meters north
walk 469 meters east
walk 654 meters west
walk 136 meters west
walk 415 meters east
walk 750 meters north
walk 365 meters north
walk 803 meters south
walk 318 meters west
walk 634 meters east
walk 596 meters north
walk 727 meters north
walk 603 meters west
walk 794 meters west
walk 506 meters south
walk 333 meters east
walk 205 meters south
walk 966 meters west
walk 332 meters north
walk 831 meters east
walk 403 meters north
walk 661 meters north
walk 501 meters west
walk 891 meters north
walk 319 meters south
walk 821 meters east
walk 24 meters south
walk 280 meters south
walk 755 meters west
walk 198 meters east
walk 555 meters east
walk 110 meters north
walk 578 meters west
walk 770 meters north
walk 378 meters south
walk 453 meters east
walk 369 meters east
walk 979 meters south
walk 842 meters east
walk 63 meters south
walk 785 meters north
walk 169 meters west
walk 510 meters north
walk 464 meters east
walk 309 meters south
walk 15 meters west
walk 937 meters south
walk 983 meters north
walk 833 meters west
walk 504 meters south
walk 378 meters south
walk 303 meters east
walk 399 meters east
walk 613 meters north
walk 685 meters west
walk 77 meters south
walk 848 meters south
walk 519 meters west
walk 501 meters east
walk 237 meters west
walk 85 meters north
walk 872 meters east
walk 306 meters west
walk 967 meters east
walk 860 meters east
walk 51 meters south
walk 123 meters north
walk 175 meters north
walk 229 meters east
walk 220 meters north
walk 645 meters south
walk 524 meters west
walk 85 meters north
walk 621 meters west
walk 355 meters west
walk 401 meters north
walk 689 meters west
walk 73 meters west
walk 588 meters east
walk 744 meters east
walk 680 meters south
walk 81 meters west
walk 501 meters south
walk 672 meters south
walk 300 meters east
walk 462 meters south
walk 964 meters south
walk 870 meters north
walk 575 meters north
walk 881 meters east
walk 847 meters south
walk 239 meters west
walk 64 meters north
walk 869 meters south
walk 871 meters south
walk 201 meters east
walk 562 meters south
walk 812 meters north
walk 50 meters west
walk 377 meters south
walk 186 meters west
walk 321 meters west
walk 542 meters south
walk 612 meters south
walk 235 meters north
walk 559 meters east
walk 911 meters west
walk 851 meters south
walk 294 meters south
walk 337 meters east
walk 438 meters west
walk 700 meters south
walk 942 meters east
walk 872 meters south
walk 79 meters west
walk 75 meters east
walk 552 meters south
walk 140 meters north
walk 503 meters west
walk 859 meters west
walk 81 meters north
walk 36 meters east
walk 540 meters south
walk 409 meters south
walk 579 meters south
walk 332 meters south
walk 42 meters south
walk 639 meters east
walk 607 meters west
walk 804 meters east
walk 613 meters west
walk 881 meters east
walk 958 meters north
walk 891 meters north
walk 22 meters west
walk 403 meters east
walk 299 meters west
walk 864 meters south
walk 209 meters south
walk 976 meters west
walk 786 meters south
walk 756 meters east
walk 385 meters south
walk 257 meters east
walk 817 meters west
walk 899 meters east
walk 148 meters north
walk 317 meters north
walk 235 meters east
walk 730 meters west
walk 364 meters west
walk 705 meters south
walk 908 meters east
walk 125 meters west
walk 892 meters south
walk 213 meters west
walk 611 meters east
walk 152 meters north
walk 895 meters north
walk 568 meters south
walk 377 meters south
walk 86 meters south
walk 924 meters north
walk 447 meters east
walk 100 meters east
walk 371 meters east
walk 247 meters east
walk 966 meters north
walk 295 meters north
walk 171 meters north
walk 545 meters north
walk 750 meters south
walk 114 meters south
walk 265 meters south
walk 298 meters south
walk 6 meters south
walk 382 meters west
walk 377 meters north
walk 658 meters north
walk 191 meters north
walk 285 meters south
walk 969 meters east
walk 238 meters west
walk 757 meters north
walk 562 meters east
walk 722 meters east
walk 185 meters south
walk 229 meters east
walk 205 meters north
walk 522 meters south
walk 979 meters east
walk 785 meters north
walk 671 meters south
walk 402 meters east
walk 177 meters west
walk 999 meters south
walk 928 meters south
walk 660 meters east
walk 368 meters north
walk 615 meters east
walk 119 meters east
walk 904 meters south
walk 723 meters west
walk 134 meters west
walk 642 meters north
walk 758 meters east
walk 846 meters east
walk 891 meters east
walk 519 meters east
walk 18 meters east
walk 689 meters south
walk 143 meters north
walk 841 meters north
walk 901 meters north
walk 591 meters north
walk 761 meters south
walk 897 meters west
walk 116 meters west
walk 894 meters south
walk 870 meters east
walk 80 meters west
walk 124 meters east
walk 807 meters south
walk 337 meters east
walk 601 meters east
walk 614 meters north
walk 118 meters west
walk 304 meters north
walk 194 meters west
walk 224 meters south
walk 736 meters south
walk 737 meters south
walk 401 meters south
walk 153 meters west
walk 858 meters north
walk 661 meters west
walk 857 meters south
walk 626 meters west
walk 145 meters west
walk 238 meters south
walk 413 meters east
walk 205 meters west
walk 688 meters south
walk 338 meters east
walk 161 meters north
walk 524 meters south
walk 992 meters south
walk 440 meters east
walk 699 meters north
walk 811 meters south
walk 951 meters east
walk 774 meters south
walk 715 meters north
walk 540 meters east
walk 394 meters east
walk 930 meters east
walk 148 meters north
walk 661 meters south
walk 189 meters south
walk 758 meters south
walk 404 meters north
walk 515 meters south
walk 161 meters north
walk 971 meters north
walk 174 meters east
walk 903 meters east
walk 65 meters south
walk 39 meters south
walk 693 meters south
walk 881 meters east
walk 336 meters north
walk 178 meters east
walk 605 meters south
walk 677 meters north
walk 1000 meters south
walk 992 meters east
walk 851 meters north
walk 571 meters west
walk 435 meters west
walk 280 meters north
walk 717 meters west
walk 555 meters south
walk 912 meters south
walk 729 meters north
walk 872 meters north
walk 325 meters west
walk 774 meters west
walk 495 meters north
walk 749 meters north
walk 562 meters west
walk 852 meters north
walk 510 meters south
walk 939 meters south
walk 828 meters east
walk 689 meters west
walk 963 meters east
walk 540 meters east
walk 905 meters north
walk 966 meters north
walk 471 meters east
walk 74 meters west
walk 468 meters west
walk 542 meters west
walk 225 meters west
walk 141 meters north
walk 928 meters north
walk 811 meters north
walk 669 meters west
walk 396 meters south
walk 631 meters east
walk 366 meters east
walk 863 meters east
walk 285 meters north
walk 993 meters north
walk 381 meters north
walk 633 meters south
walk 9 meters west
walk 281 meters west
walk 746 meters west
walk 124 meters south
walk 872 meters south
walk 46 meters east
walk 701 meters east
walk 713 meters east
walk 828 meters east
walk 579 meters east
walk 564 meters south
walk 699 meters south
walk 487 meters south
walk 339 meters west
walk 729 meters east
walk 270 meters south
walk 996 meters north
walk 855 meters east
walk 698 meters west
walk 258 meters west
walk 480 meters south
walk 376 meters east
walk 361 meters north
walk 429 meters north
walk 409 meters west
walk 115 meters west
walk 537 meters west
walk 698 meters south
walk 636 meters north
walk 49 meters west
walk 346 meters east
walk 398 meters north
walk 65 meters west
walk 822 meters east
walk 254 meters south
walk 50 meters north
walk 729 meters north
walk 634 meters north
walk 603 meters north
walk 594 meters west
walk 470 meters east
walk 773 meters west
walk 415 meters west
walk 185 meters south
walk 710 meters north
walk 624 meters north
walk 152 meters south
walk 740 meters south
walk 42 meters south
walk 688 meters east
walk 925 meters north
walk 273 meters north
walk 699 meters north
walk 878 meters south
walk 513 meters south
walk 966 meters north
walk 628 meters west
walk 226 meters south
walk 605 meters west
walk 338 meters north
walk 894 meters east
walk 745 meters south
walk 891 meters south
walk 723 meters north
walk 815 meters east
walk 463 meters west
walk 196 meters east
walk 198 meters north
walk 818 meters west
walk 268 meters south
walk 919 meters east
walk 715 meters north
walk 172 meters east
walk 629 meters east
walk 839 meters east
walk 469 meters north
walk 133 meters north
walk 982 meters west
walk 84 meters north
walk 486 meters north
walk 465 meters west
walk 363 meters south
walk 287 meters east
walk 57 meters west
walk 328 meters east
walk 935 meters east
walk 765 meters west
walk 79 meters south
walk 766 meters west
walk 59 meters west
walk 385 meters east
walk 932 meters west
walk 766 meters west
walk 331 meters north
walk 746 meters south
walk 187 meters east
walk 924 meters west
walk 772 meters west
walk 568 meters east
walk 704 meters west
walk 753 meters west
walk 992 meters south
walk 804 meters north
walk 610 meters north
walk 865 meters west
walk 529 meters south
walk 717 meters west
walk 554 meters north
walk 773 meters west
walk 233 meters north
walk 231 meters west
walk 348 meters south
walk 92 meters west
walk 677 meters south
walk 766 meters north
walk 738 meters north
walk 142 meters west
walk 317 meters east
walk 65 meters south
walk 229 meters west
walk 789 meters south
walk 795 meters east
walk 960 meters south
walk 347 meters east
walk 292 meters south
walk 65 meters north
walk 302 meters north
walk 521 meters east
walk 209 meters south
walk 282 meters west
walk 948 meters south
walk 729 meters west
walk 999 meters south
walk 452 meters east
walk 127 meters south
walk 951 meters south
walk 305 meters west
walk 604 meters east
walk 682 meters north
walk 146 meters south
walk 846 meters north
walk 705 meters north
walk 699 meters north
walk 516 meters west
walk 70 meters west
walk 7 meters north
walk 171 meters north
walk 698 meters east
walk 3 meters west
walk 182 meters south
walk 680 meters east
walk 621 meters south
walk 157 meters north
walk 333 meters south
walk 159 meters north
walk 852 meters north
walk 630 meters west
walk 599 meters south
walk 558 meters south
walk 878 meters east
walk 588 meters north
walk 735 meters south
walk 936 meters north
walk 370 meters east
walk 160 meters east
walk 10 meters east
walk 323 meters east
walk 185 meters east
walk 520 meters east
walk 99 meters north
walk 528 meters south
walk 210 meters east
walk 433 meters west
walk 51 meters east
walk 857 meters east
walk 787 meters north
walk 518 meters north
walk 258 meters south
walk 191 meters north
walk 922 meters west
walk 184 meters north
walk 348 meters south
walk 96 meters north
walk 482 meters east
walk 887 meters west
walk 291 meters west
walk 361 meters north
walk 503 meters north
walk 342 meters south
walk 694 meters north
walk 969 meters north
walk 59 meters south
walk 855 meters north
walk 46 meters south
walk 414 meters east
walk 837 meters east
walk 78 meters east
walk 339 meters east
walk 420 meters south
walk 361 meters west
walk 670 meters north
walk 214 meters east
walk 984 meters north
walk 278 meters north
walk 625 meters south
walk 634 meters north
walk 123 meters west
walk 675 meters south
walk 221 meters south
walk 463 meters west
walk 201 meters west
walk 840 meters east
walk 37 meters north
walk 96 meters west
walk 79 meters east
walk 502 meters north
walk 745 meters east
walk 226 meters north
walk 747 meters north
walk 237 meters west
walk 908 meters east
walk 97 meters west
walk 981 meters north
walk 717 meters east
walk 846 meters east
walk 179 meters west
walk 566 meters east
walk 561 meters south
walk 42 meters north
walk 418 meters south
walk 264 meters south
walk 389 meters east
walk 781 meters east
walk 908 meters west
walk 973 meters south
walk 132 meters north
walk 216 meters west
walk 437 meters east
walk 393 meters west
walk 364 meters south
walk 188 meters west
walk 395 meters east
walk 873 meters south
walk 322 meters east
walk 541 meters east
walk 744 meters west
walk 608 meters east
walk 760 meters north
walk 933 meters east
walk 246 meters south
walk 317 meters west
walk 459 meters west
walk 426 meters west
walk 667 meters east
walk 930 meters west
walk 239 meters north
walk 261 meters north
walk 666 meters south
walk 514 meters south
walk 40 meters west
walk 741 meters north
walk 125 meters north
walk 119 meters south
walk 569 meters west
walk 376 meters west
walk 935 meters north
walk 61 meters east
walk 175 meters east
walk 577 meters south
walk 970 meters east
walk 363 meters south
walk 11 meters north
walk 467 meters west
walk 347 meters west
walk 220 meters east
walk 186 meters south
walk 616 meters west
walk 893 meters east
walk 744 meters north
walk 267 meters north
walk 141 meters north
walk 738 meters south
walk 578 meters north
walk 519 meters west
walk 385 meters east
walk 800 meters east
walk 17 meters north
walk 732 meters west
walk 111 meters east
walk 436 meters west
walk 77 meters south
walk 399 meters east
walk 912 meters south
walk 530 meters east
walk 331 meters east
walk 846 meters west
walk 742 meters west
walk 703 meters south
walk 649 meters north
walk 159 meters south
walk 761 meters south
walk 989 meters west
walk 412 meters west
walk 457 meters north
walk 387 meters north
walk 606 meters south
walk 232 meters north
walk 59 meters west
walk 804 meters east
walk 962 meters north
walk 573 meters east
walk 937 meters east
walk 538 meters east
walk 887 meters south
walk 15 meters east
walk 193 meters east
walk 475 meters west
walk 568 meters west
walk 137 meters south
walk 261 meters south
walk 19 meters north
walk 723 meters south
walk 919 meters east
walk 812 meters east
walk 363 meters south
walk 574 meters west
walk 68 meters north
walk 747 meters south
walk 998 meters north
walk 152 meters west
walk 708 meters east
walk 541 meters east
walk 463 meters south
walk 739 meters east
walk 59 meters west
walk 733 meters east
walk 535 meters north
walk 242 meters east
walk 933 meters west
walk 420 meters west
walk 969 meters south
walk 898 meters east
walk 744 meters east
walk 827 meters north
walk 656 meters south
walk 275 meters west
walk 779 meters south
walk 323 meters west
walk 975 meters east
walk 355 meters east
walk 331 meters south
walk 36 meters west
walk 339 meters east
walk 556 meters north
walk 558 meters north
walk 758 meters west
walk 612 meters north
walk 653 meters east
walk 389 meters west
walk 2 meters east
walk 262 meters east
walk 315 meters west
walk 239 meters west
walk 517 meters east
walk 452 meters east
walk 72 meters east
walk 839 meters east
walk 145 meters north
walk 26 meters north
walk 706 meters west
walk 38 meters south
walk 833 meters east
walk 674 meters west
walk 82 meters north
walk 837 meters north
walk 287 meters west
walk 198 meters north
walk 878 meters north
walk 698 meters west
walk 181 meters north
walk 979 meters east
walk 45 meters south
walk 163 meters west
walk 761 meters west
walk 981 meters east
walk 193 meters east
walk 555 meters west
walk 9 meters west
walk 817 meters east
walk 439 meters north
walk 525 meters north
walk 483 meters north
walk 5 meters north
walk 531 meters west
walk 979 meters west
walk 55 meters east
walk 372 meters south
walk 641 meters north
walk 915 meters east
walk 353 meters west
walk 137 meters south
walk 50 meters east
walk 39 meters south
walk 859 meters east
walk 581 meters north
walk 514 meters south
walk 302 meters west
walk 339 meters south
walk 756 meters east
walk 957 meters west
walk 517 meters west
walk 950 meters south
walk 14 meters north
walk 649 meters north
walk 817 meters west
walk 488 meters south
walk 425 meters west
walk 845 meters north
walk 956 meters east
walk 90 meters west
walk 618 meters north
walk 379 meters north
walk 793 meters north
walk 563 meters north
walk 883 meters south
walk 299 meters east
walk 600 meters west
walk 918 meters east
walk 284 meters west
walk 483 meters south
walk 208 meters west
walk 925 meters south
walk 670 meters south
walk 137 meters north
walk 872 meters east
walk 912 meters north
walk 134 meters south
walk 283 meters west
walk 469 meters north
walk 750 meters north
walk 65 meters north
walk 894 meters east
walk 960 meters south
walk 978 meters north
walk 242 meters east
walk 721 meters south
walk 591 meters east
walk 993 meters west
walk 238 meters west
walk 269 meters south
walk 118 meters west
walk 736 meters east
walk 654 meters east
walk 822 meters north
walk 224 meters south
walk 872 meters north
walk 566 meters east
walk 425 meters south
walk 808 meters north
walk 941 meters east
walk 834 meters east
walk 550 meters east
walk 161 meters north
walk 933 meters north
walk 122 meters west
walk 292 meters north
walk 612 meters south
walk 929 meters west
walk 927 meters east
walk 840 meters west
walk 354 meters north
walk 85 meters south
walk 653 meters north
walk 538 meters south
walk 772 meters west
walk 891 meters north
walk 986 meters west
walk 499 meters east
walk 874 meters south
walk 899 meters south
walk 388 meters south
walk 683 meters north
walk 905 meters east
walk 886 meters north
walk 56 meters west
walk 233 meters west
walk 970 meters north
walk 875 meters east
walk 980 meters north
walk 244 meters south
walk 2 meters east
walk 934 meters west
walk 594 meters north
walk 326 meters west
walk 112 meters west
walk 137 meters east
walk 647 meters east
walk 741 meters east
walk 996 meters north
walk 718 meters north
walk 944 meters west
walk 815 meters south
walk 911 meters west
walk 191 meters north
walk 520 meters north
walk 45 meters west
walk 348 meters east
walk 351 meters west
walk 881 meters south
walk 900 meters north
walk 597 meters west
walk 168 meters north
walk 384 meters north
walk 710 meters south
walk 148 meters north
walk 277 meters north
walk 710 meters north
walk 889 meters north
walk 939 meters north
walk 72 meters east
walk 145 meters east
walk 192 meters west
walk 685 meters south
walk 691 meters north
walk 255 meters west
walk 665 meters north
walk 206 meters north
walk 838 meters east
walk 445 meters north
walk 340 meters west
walk 270 meters north
walk 694 meters west
walk 651 meters north
walk 623 meters south
walk 812 meters north
walk 797 meters east
walk 942 meters south
walk 730 meters west
walk 972 meters west
walk 151 meters north
walk 90 meters east
walk 811 meters west
walk 638 meters south
walk 325 meters south
walk 683 meters south
walk 477 meters south
walk 725 meters east
walk 630 meters east
walk 463 meters west
walk 31 meters west
walk 93 meters east
walk 291 meters west
walk 774 meters north
walk 469 meters north
walk 405 meters east
walk 593 meters south
walk 225 meters east
walk 386 meters north
walk 95 meters south
walk 329 meters north
walk 478 meters west
walk 412 meters east
walk 51 meters south
walk 469 meters east
walk 277 meters north
walk 23 meters west
walk 154 meters east
walk 296 meters east
walk 593 meters west
walk 567 meters west
walk 554 meters east
walk 978 meters east
walk 675 meters east
walk 25 meters south
walk 633 meters east
walk 295 meters west
walk 196 meters north
walk 563 meters west
walk 700 meters west
walk 532 meters west
walk 269 meters north
walk 333 meters north
walk 968 meters north
walk 868 meters east
walk 657 meters west
walk 760 meters south
walk 948 meters west
walk 724 meters south
walk 633 meters east
walk 411 meters west
walk 54 meters north
walk 357 meters east
walk 958 meters west
walk 148 meters south
walk 858 meters south
walk 824 meters south
walk 20 meters south
walk 994 meters south
walk 896 meters east
walk 388 meters south
walk 73 meters east
walk 172 meters east
walk 520 meters south
walk 149 meters south
walk 499 meters south
walk 83 meters east
walk 502 meters east
walk 316 meters east
walk 891 meters north
walk 77 meters south
walk 736 meters west
walk 627 meters north
walk 254 meters north
walk 636 meters south
walk 724 meters east
walk 496 meters south
walk 407 meters east
walk 717 meters south
walk 894 meters south
walk 191 meters west
walk 336 meters north
walk 553 meters west
walk 164 meters south
walk 272 meters south
walk 762 meters north
walk 281 meters west
walk 809 meters south
walk 486 meters west
walk 857 meters north
walk 461 meters north
walk 122 meters north
walk 177 meters west
walk 265 meters east
walk 919 meters south
walk 447 meters south
walk 822 meters west
walk 348 meters north
walk 129 meters south
walk 26 meters north
walk 465 meters south
walk 540 meters east
walk 295 meters north
walk 776 meters north
walk 127 meters east
walk 150 meters north
walk 80 meters west
walk 300 meters east
walk 18 meters north
walk 303 meters west
walk 902 meters north
walk 339 meters south
walk 825 meters south
walk 979 meters south
walk 199 meters east
walk 873 meters east
walk 506 meters west
walk 761 meters south
walk 512 meters east
walk 581 meters west
walk 834 meters west
walk 595 meters east
walk 672 meters west
walk 2 meters east
walk 291 meters north
walk 349 meters south
walk 130 meters south
walk 189 meters south
walk 367 meters north
walk 331 meters east
walk 549 meters west
walk 335 meters north
walk 998 meters north
walk 447 meters south
walk 285 meters north
walk 551 meters south
walk 870 meters west
walk 151 meters north
walk 589 meters north
walk 831 meters east
walk 482 meters south
walk 640 meters south
walk 522 meters east
walk 271 meters east
walk 113 meters south
walk 20 meters west
walk 343 meters south
walk 423 meters east
walk 434 meters north
walk 861 meters north
walk 218 meters east
walk 598 meters west
walk 339 meters north
walk 875 meters south
walk 31 meters west
walk 7 meters south
walk 47 meters east
walk 309 meters north
walk 46 meters west
walk 208 meters east
walk 200 meters east
walk 262 meters east
walk 775 meters east
walk 392 meters west
walk 10 meters north
walk 737 meters west
walk 767 meters south
walk 34 meters east
walk 542 meters west
walk 47 meters east
walk 73 meters east
walk 495 meters north
walk 899 meters north
walk 688 meters north
walk 687 meters north
walk 205 meters east
walk 60 meters east
walk 878 meters north
walk 936 meters east
walk 408 meters south
walk 114 meters north
walk 583 meters south
walk 874 meters east
walk 360 meters south
walk 954 meters south
walk 797 meters north
walk 283 meters east
walk 373 meters south
walk 255 meters north
walk 149 meters east
walk 555 meters north
walk 142 meters west
walk 90 meters east
walk 127 meters west
walk 335 meters west
walk 141 meters east
walk 455 meters south
walk 617 meters south
walk 552 meters west
walk 227 meters west
walk 939 meters south
walk 352 meters south
walk 549 meters west
walk 952 meters south
walk 417 meters north
walk 140 meters east
walk 75 meters north
walk 414 meters west
walk 364 meters north
walk 6 meters south
walk 338 meters west
walk 357 meters south
walk 77 meters south
walk 928 meters east
walk 281 meters east
walk 251 meters east
walk 156 meters west
walk 358 meters south
walk 268 meters north
walk 600 meters north
walk 335 meters west
walk 805 meters south
walk 936 meters south
walk 825 meters north
walk 912 meters north
walk 131 meters west
walk 756 meters north
walk 814 meters north
walk 91 meters south
walk 390 meters east
walk 283 meters east
walk 23 meters east
walk 152 meters east
walk 979 meters east
walk 204 meters west
walk 354 meters north
walk 218 meters west
walk 113 meters north
walk 922 meters north
walk 330 meters east
walk 344 meters south
walk 431 meters west
walk 378 meters east
walk 920 meters north
walk 943 meters south
walk 155 meters west
walk 68 meters south
walk 541 meters east
walk 641 meters north
walk 113 meters west
walk 970 meters east
walk 801 meters south
walk 245 meters west
walk 686 meters south
walk 183 meters east
walk 194 meters west
walk 4 meters north
walk 816 meters west
walk 165 meters south
walk 924 meters north
walk 487 meters east
walk 222 meters east
walk 816 meters south
walk 216 meters east
walk 290 meters south
walk 760 meters south
walk 201 meters north
walk 411 meters east
walk 924 meters south
walk 175 meters south
walk 943 meters north
walk 409 meters west
walk 567 meters west
walk 230 meters west
walk 681 meters east
walk 155 meters south
walk 774 meters west
walk 316 meters west
walk 712 meters west
walk 866 meters east
walk 270 meters north
walk 261 meters west
walk 249 meters north
walk 814 meters north
walk 955 meters east
walk 402 meters south
walk 948 meters east
walk 995 meters west
walk 703 meters south
walk 240 meters north
walk 830 meters north
walk 372 meters north
walk 518 meters west
walk 247 meters north
walk 70 meters south
walk 942 meters south
walk 435 meters south
walk 278 meters east
walk 970 meters west
walk 948 meters south
walk 605 meters east
walk 749 meters west
walk 432 meters south
walk 830 meters south
walk 44 meters east
walk 148 meters north
walk 495 meters north
walk 456 meters west
walk 989 meters south
walk 214 meters north
walk 895 meters east
walk 371 meters east
walk 826 meters east
walk 326 meters east
walk 966 meters south
walk 102 meters south
walk 134 meters north
walk 935 meters north
walk 881 meters west
walk 134 meters west
walk 642 meters south
walk 93 meters north
walk 699 meters east
walk 830 meters west
walk 117 meters west
walk 152 meters north
walk 193 meters north
walk 308 meters north
walk 477 meters south
walk 840 meters east
walk 995 meters north
walk 349 meters west
walk 727 meters west
walk 304 meters south
walk 954 meters east
walk 470 meters south
walk 876 meters north
walk 213 meters west
walk 122 meters south
walk 729 meters north
walk 887 meters west
walk 236 meters east
walk 373 meters west
walk 293 meters east
walk 137 meters west
walk 152 meters south
walk 753 meters north
walk 921 meters north
walk 186 meters east
walk 958 meters west
walk 491 meters east
walk 712 meters north
walk 884 meters south
walk 583 meters north
walk 656 meters east
walk 710 meters south
walk 581 meters south
walk 657 meters north
walk 27 meters east
walk 844 meters east
walk 548 meters west
walk 10 meters north
walk 81 meters south
walk 740 meters north
walk 270 meters west
walk 351 meters east
walk 280 meters west
walk 984 meters west
walk 632 meters north
walk 425 meters north
walk 844 meters east
walk 705 meters south
walk 72 meters south
walk 261 meters west
walk 145 meters south
walk 834 meters north
walk 989 meters north
walk 22 meters north
walk 196 meters east
walk 273 meters north
walk 812 meters south
walk 423 meters west
walk 296 meters south
walk 127 meters south
walk 903 meters north
walk 355 meters west
walk 260 meters north
walk 53 meters west
walk 101 meters north
walk 834 meters east
walk 213 meters west
walk 636 meters north
walk 890 meters east
walk 785 meters east
walk 616 meters north
walk 207 meters west
walk 183 meters east
walk 703 meters south
walk 829 meters south
walk 936 meters east
walk 627 meters north
walk 358 meters north
walk 351 meters east
walk 289 meters north
walk 132 meters south
walk 630 meters east
walk 7 meters south
walk 510 meters east
walk 84 meters south
walk 886 meters south
walk 877 meters north
walk 74 meters west
walk 316 meters east
walk 897 meters north
walk 625 meters north
walk 461 meters east
walk 430 meters west
walk 997 meters south
walk 64 meters west
walk 727 meters south
walk 863 meters west
walk 544 meters south
walk 267 meters south
walk 334 meters west
walk 827 meters east
walk 703 meters east
walk 833 meters north
walk 29 meters west
walk 667 meters south
walk 514 meters west
walk 911 meters east
walk 943 meters east
walk 597 meters west
walk 367 meters north
walk 414 meters south
walk 968 meters north
walk 218 meters east
walk 38 meters north
walk 643 meters east
walk 798 meters east
walk 82 meters east
walk 484 meters east
walk 178 meters east
walk 656 meters east
walk 477 meters north
walk 116 meters north
walk 532 meters east
walk 657 meters east
walk 512 meters east
walk 170 meters south
walk 441 meters west
walk 356 meters south
walk 783 meters north
walk 471 meters east
walk 906 meters east
walk 875 meters south
walk 635 meters west
walk 668 meters north
walk 714 meters north
walk 368 meters west
walk 686 meters east
walk 150 meters west
walk 671 meters east
walk 48 meters north
walk 129 meters south
walk 895 meters south
walk 392 meters east
walk 2 meters south
walk 10 meters south
walk 71 meters north
walk 505 meters east
walk 361 meters west
walk 359 meters west
walk 735 meters east
walk 754 meters south
walk 792 meters north
walk 625 meters north
walk 61 meters east
walk 566 meters east
walk 377 meters east
walk 187 meters west
walk 745 meters north
walk 903 meters east
walk 193 meters west
walk 628 meters south
walk 886 meters east
walk 473 meters north
walk 520 meters south
walk 495 meters east
walk 347 meters west
walk 29 meters west
walk 433 meters east
walk 934 meters west
walk 320 meters north
walk 297 meters west
walk 566 meters north
walk 625 meters west
walk 95 meters north
walk 431 meters south
walk 61 meters west
walk 371 meters west
walk 740 meters west
walk 20 meters north
walk 22 meters south
walk 301 meters south
walk 730 meters north
walk 248 meters north
walk 680 meters south
walk 578 meters south
walk 605 meters west
walk 657 meters east
walk 714 meters west
walk 705 meters north
walk 752 meters east
walk 612 meters east
walk 128 meters east
walk 1000 meters east
walk 415 meters north
walk 865 meters north
walk 906 meters west
walk 133 meters north
walk 855 meters east
walk 943 meters north
walk 233 meters south
walk 670 meters north
walk 614 meters east
walk 13 meters east
walk 940 meters west
walk 114 meters east
walk 246 meters west
walk 159 meters east
walk 912 meters east
walk 888 meters east
walk 506 meters south
walk 723 meters west
walk 14 meters south
walk 562 meters west
walk 586 meters south
walk 479 meters south
walk 855 meters south
walk 984 meters west
walk 252 meters north
walk 354 meters north
walk 131 meters south
walk 302 meters south
walk 699 meters east
walk 470 meters south
walk 46 meters south
walk 7 meters north
walk 93 meters west
walk 112 meters north
walk 868 meters south
walk 42 meters west
walk 464 meters south
walk 553 meters east
walk 726 meters south
walk 145 meters south
walk 549 meters east
walk 432 meters north
walk 813 meters west
walk 654 meters west
walk 74 meters east
walk 629 meters south
walk 816 meters south
walk 708 meters east
walk 626 meters south
walk 329 meters east
walk 59 meters north
walk 149 meters north
walk 654 meters west
walk 142 meters west
walk 717 meters west
walk 857 meters north
walk 659 meters south
walk 731 meters west
walk 129 meters west
walk 900 meters south
walk 600 meters south
walk 724 meters north
walk 578 meters west
walk 288 meters west
walk 226 meters north
walk 70 meters east
walk 835 meters east
walk 379 meters east
walk 919 meters west
walk 160 meters west
walk 587 meters north
walk 591 meters west
walk 193 meters south
walk 194 meters east
walk 146 meters north
walk 624 meters north
walk 46 meters east
walk 554 meters south
walk 55 meters east
walk 771 meters west
walk 965 meters west
walk 562 meters south
walk 258 meters south
walk 180 meters north
walk 552 meters east
walk 907 meters south
walk 837 meters east
walk 885 meters east
walk 35 meters south
walk 953 meters east
walk 927 meters south
walk 852 meters north
walk 39 meters south
walk 133 meters east
walk 406 meters south
walk 217 meters north
walk 431 meters east
walk 954 meters east
walk 740 meters east
walk 612 meters east
walk 331 meters west
walk 835 meters south
walk 722 meters south
walk 18 meters south
walk 1000 meters west
walk 435 meters east
walk 814 meters south
walk 999 meters west
walk 221 meters west
walk 785 meters west
walk 279 meters west
walk 295 meters south
walk 274 meters west
walk 114 meters east
walk 244 meters east
walk 82 meters east
walk 326 meters west
walk 846 meters east
walk 11 meters west
walk 28 meters north
walk 711 meters north
walk 464 meters north
walk 906 meters north
walk 309 meters north
walk 4 meters north
walk 764 meters west
walk 97 meters south
walk 254 meters east
walk 900 meters south
walk 24 meters east
walk 702 meters west
walk 523 meters west
walk 186 meters north
walk 879 meters south
walk 108 meters south
walk 580 meters east
walk 670 meters east
walk 281 meters south
walk 752 meters south
walk 958 meters east
walk 678 meters east
walk 930 meters west
walk 305 meters north
walk 813 meters south
walk 694 meters north
walk 540 meters north
walk 489 meters east
walk 950 meters east
walk 713 meters south
walk 833 meters north
walk 250 meters west
walk 575 meters north
walk 787 meters east
walk 608 meters north
walk 70 meters north
walk 424 meters south
walk 456 meters west
walk 176 meters east
walk 723 meters south
walk 556 meters north
walk 403 meters east
walk 468 meters east
walk 799 meters east
walk 122 meters south
walk 730 meters east
walk 290 meters south
walk 711 meters west
walk 201 meters north
walk 443 meters south
walk 236 meters north
walk 84 meters east
walk 249 meters north
walk 951 meters west
walk 320 meters east
walk 738 meters east
walk 670 meters south
walk 823 meters south
walk 157 meters east
walk 236 meters west
walk 990 meters west
walk 563 meters north
walk 412 meters north
walk 219 meters north
walk 706 meters south
walk 753 meters south
walk 864 meters east
walk 901 meters east
walk 50 meters north
walk 24 meters west
walk 321 meters east
walk 455 meters south
walk 884 meters west
walk 431 meters east
walk 891 meters west
walk 491 meters north
walk 695 meters west
walk 121 meters east
walk 85 meters east
walk 203 meters west
walk 21 meters north
walk 370 meters east
walk 63 meters south
walk 301 meters south
walk 939 meters west
walk 365 meters west
walk 361 meters east
walk 547 meters east
walk 119 meters south
walk 907 meters west
walk 629 meters south
walk 440 meters south
walk 618 meters south
walk 104 meters east
walk 696 meters south
walk 706 meters west
walk 983 meters west
walk 26 meters west
walk 844 meters south
walk 920 meters south
walk 580 meters south
walk 937 meters east
walk 572 meters east
walk 459 meters west
walk 733 meters south
walk 836 meters south
walk 146 meters north
walk 193 meters north
walk 712 meters south
walk 240 meters south
walk 544 meters south
walk 522 meters south
walk 117 meters south
walk 757 meters east
walk 716 meters north
walk 698 meters south
walk 999 meters north
walk 856 meters north
walk 339 meters south
walk 243 meters north
walk 676 meters east
walk 591 meters west
walk 257 meters north
walk 754 meters east
walk 575 meters west
walk 268 meters north
walk 53 meters east
walk 849 meters west
walk 350 meters north
walk 520 meters east
walk 71 meters south
walk 232 meters west
walk 1000 meters north
walk 819 meters west
walk 674 meters south
walk 699 meters east
walk 482 meters east
walk 202 meters south
walk 902 meters north
walk 987 meters west
walk 254 meters west
walk 145 meters south
walk 441 meters south
walk 156 meters south
walk 480 meters west
walk 426 meters east
walk 496 meters west
walk 329 meters east
walk 647 meters north
walk 696 meters north
walk 440 meters west
walk 714 meters east
walk 76 meters west
walk 581 meters north
walk 336 meters north
walk 844 meters east
walk 424 meters south
walk 808 meters north
walk 736 meters south
walk 253 meters west
walk 130 meters north
walk 66 meters east
walk 871 meters south
walk 821 meters east
walk 121 meters north
walk 924 meters east
walk 528 meters south
walk 611 meters south
walk 231 meters south
walk 469 meters south
walk 161 meters east
walk 912 meters west
walk 355 meters east
walk 243 meters west
walk 340 meters east
walk 808 meters north
walk 194 meters south
walk 448 meters north
walk 202 meters east
walk 93 meters west
walk 388 meters north
walk 163 meters east
walk 292 meters south
walk 80 meters north
walk 829 meters north
walk 782 meters north
walk 923 meters west
walk 310 meters west
walk 974 meters west
walk 865 meters east
walk 335 meters north
walk 281 meters west
walk 730 meters west
walk 164 meters west
walk 275 meters west
walk 898 meters north
walk 74 meters south
walk 491 meters south
walk 923 meters west
walk 594 meters north
walk 754 meters south
walk 788 meters east
walk 873 meters north
walk 255 meters south
walk 92 meters north
walk 793 meters east
walk 52 meters north
walk 747 meters east
walk 715 meters west
walk 505 meters north
walk 459 meters south
walk 856 meters east
walk 968 meters north
walk 311 meters west
walk 598 meters east
walk 136 meters south
walk 547 meters south
walk 123 meters west
walk 147 meters east
walk 439 meters east
walk 648 meters west
walk 30 meters south
walk 227 meters west
walk 663 meters north
walk 891 meters west
walk 529 meters south
walk 322 meters north
walk 697 meters north
walk 253 meters east
walk 176 meters east
walk 97 meters west
walk 9 meters north
walk 964 meters north
walk 899 meters north
walk 957 meters east
walk 238 meters west
walk 464 meters south
walk 392 meters east
walk 816 meters west
walk 347 meters north
walk 707 meters west
walk 592 meters west
walk 702 meters west
walk 975 meters north
walk 230 meters east
walk 649 meters east
walk 994 meters east
walk 986 meters north
walk 116 meters west
walk 33 meters east
walk 376 meters west
walk 454 meters east
walk 178 meters north
walk 795 meters west
walk 689 meters west
walk 328 meters west
walk 486 meters south
walk 520 meters west
walk 738 meters east
walk 378 meters east
walk 858 meters north
walk 308 meters north
walk 844 meters north
walk 990 meters north
walk 279 meters east
walk 854 meters west
walk 739 meters west
walk 626 meters south
walk 472 meters south
walk 993 meters east
walk 433 meters west
walk 216 meters south
walk 336 meters west
walk 172 meters east
walk 149 meters north
walk 78 meters north
walk 397 meters south
walk 73 meters north
walk 246 meters south
walk 937 meters east
walk 811 meters south
walk 789 meters east
walk 447 meters north
walk 26 meters west
walk 846 meters west
walk 750 meters east
walk 547 meters east
walk 514 meters west
walk 373 meters north
walk 271 meters north
walk 965 meters west
walk 700 meters west
walk 910 meters west
walk 562 meters west
walk 200 meters east
walk 619 meters south
walk 49 meters west
walk 232 meters north
walk 462 meters north
walk 567 meters north
walk 470 meters north
walk 661 meters east
walk 140 meters east
walk 742 meters west
walk 541 meters west
walk 777 meters south
walk 321 meters south
walk 93 meters north
walk 870 meters south
walk 747 meters south
walk 56 meters south
walk 722 meters south
walk 558 meters west
walk 982 meters south
walk 671 meters west
walk 905 meters east
walk 740 meters east
walk 43 meters south
walk 920 meters west
walk 719 meters east
walk 371 meters west
walk 484 meters east
walk 455 meters west
walk 809 meters south
walk 226 meters north
walk 974 meters north
walk 998 meters west
walk 209 meters north
walk 356 meters north
walk 372 meters east
walk 301 meters north
walk 371 meters east
walk 390 meters north
walk 503 meters east
walk 701 meters south
walk 502 meters north
walk 585 meters north
walk 672 meters south
walk 530 meters south
walk 824 meters west
walk 820 meters west
walk 823 meters east
walk 764 meters east
walk 723 meters east
walk 647 meters north
walk 780 meters north
walk 92 meters north
walk 820 meters west
walk 4 meters south
walk 296 meters west
walk 494 meters west
walk 123 meters east
walk 923 meters north
walk 998 meters west
walk 389 meters south
walk 62 meters west
walk 931 meters east
walk 740 meters east
walk 212 meters east
walk 615 meters east
walk 188 meters west
walk 569 meters north
walk 281 meters west
walk 894 meters south
walk 692 meters west
walk 488 meters south
walk 31 meters west
walk 604 meters south
walk 944 meters south
walk 853 meters west
walk 403 meters south
walk 104 meters south
walk 183 meters north
walk 883 meters north
walk 191 meters north
walk 886 meters east
walk 337 meters south
walk 485 meters west
walk 491 meters north
walk 522 meters south
walk 97 meters north
walk 319 meters south
walk 987 meters west
walk 826 meters east
walk 545 meters south
walk 932 meters north
walk 649 meters east
walk 224 meters north
walk 429 meters west
walk 352 meters east
walk 175 meters north
walk 10 meters west
walk 276 meters north
walk 841 meters west
walk 31 meters east
walk 530 meters south
walk 47 meters south
walk 250 meters west
walk 319 meters east
walk 224 meters east
walk 288 meters north
walk 791 meters west
walk 606 meters west
walk 736 meters east
walk 178 meters south
walk 661 meters east
walk 347 meters south
walk 79 meters east
walk 308 meters north
walk 153 meters west
walk 413 meters north
walk 442 meters east
walk 478 meters west
walk 952 meters south
walk 404 meters south
walk 645 meters west
walk 402 meters south
walk 297 meters west
walk 559 meters south
walk 483 meters east
walk 972 meters south
walk 871 meters north
walk 997 meters west
walk 193 meters east
walk 708 meters south
walk 925 meters west
walk 968 meters west
walk 44 meters east
walk 312 meters south
walk 291 meters north
walk 11 meters north
walk 696 meters west
walk 132 meters west
walk 125 meters south
walk 383 meters east
walk 952 meters west
walk 699 meters south
walk 203 meters east
walk 859 meters west
walk 958 meters west
walk 426 meters south
walk 320 meters north
walk 679 meters east
walk 885 meters west
walk 812 meters west
walk 341 meters east
walk 426 meters south
walk 498 meters south
walk 701 meters west
walk 108 meters west
walk 252 meters south
walk 492 meters south
walk 844 meters north
walk 489 meters north
walk 9 meters north
walk 89 meters south
walk 406 meters west
walk 891 meters east
walk 93 meters west
walk 348 meters north
walk 961 meters north
walk 171 meters south
walk 240 meters north
walk 634 meters south
walk 386 meters west
walk 673 meters north
walk 133 meters south
walk 41 meters north
walk 115 meters west
walk 449 meters west
walk 540 meters north
walk 965 meters north
walk 231 meters south
walk 357 meters north
walk 731 meters south
walk 518 meters north
walk 362 meters east
walk 468 meters east
walk 773 meters south
walk 366 meters north
walk 211 meters east
walk 569 meters north
walk 126 meters north
walk 839 meters south
walk 368 meters west
walk 500 meters west
walk 614 meters west
walk 626 meters west
walk 662 meters west
walk 664 meters south
walk 442 meters east
walk 61 meters west
walk 533 meters south
walk 163 meters south
walk 703 meters west
walk 51 meters north
walk 538 meters west
walk 833 meters north
walk 675 meters north
walk 364 meters east
walk 304 meters east
walk 352 meters west
walk 209 meters north
walk 183 meters west
walk 889 meters south
walk 525 meters south
walk 365 meters east
walk 624 meters east
walk 92 meters south
walk 576 meters east
walk 525 meters west
walk 624 meters east
walk 159 meters east
walk 127 meters north
walk 102 meters west
walk 525 meters south
walk 837 meters north
walk 976 meters east
walk 554 meters south
walk 116 meters south
walk 878 meters south
walk 981 meters north
walk 526 meters east
walk 36 meters north
walk 210 meters east
walk 214 meters west
walk 370 meters south
walk 748 meters south
walk 968 meters north
walk 666 meters west
walk 955 meters north
walk 396 meters north
walk 731 meters east
walk 189 meters west
walk 64 meters north
walk 818 meters east
walk 497 meters west
walk 559 meters east
walk 49 meters north
walk 841 meters south
walk 9 meters north
walk 606 meters north
walk 660 meters north
walk 139 meters south
walk 739 meters west
walk 744 meters north
walk 695 meters north
walk 778 meters west
walk 1000 meters east
walk 19 meters east
walk 463 meters west
walk 350 meters west
walk 727 meters west
walk 270 meters east
walk 477 meters south
walk 421 meters east
walk 241 meters west
walk 897 meters west
walk 337 meters west
walk 12 meters north
walk 664 meters east
walk 587 meters south
walk 936 meters east
walk 943 meters south
walk 132 meters south
walk 144 meters north
walk 152 meters west
walk 221 meters south
walk 161 meters east
walk 801 meters south
walk 341 meters south
walk 973 meters west
walk 471 meters north
walk 453 meters east
walk 811 meters north
walk 336 meters north
walk 367 meters south
walk 455 meters east
walk 412 meters west
walk 70 meters east
walk 834 meters north
walk 229 meters west
walk 444 meters south
walk 238 meters north
walk 318 meters south
walk 717 meters east
walk 665 meters west
walk 613 meters east
walk 774 meters east
walk 326 meters west
walk 308 meters east
walk 114 meters east
walk 335 meters west
walk 751 meters west
walk 940 meters west
walk 656 meters north
walk 598 meters south
walk 918 meters east
walk 252 meters west
walk 813 meters north
walk 861 meters south
walk 571 meters west
walk 844 meters west
walk 889 meters east
walk 291 meters north
walk 696 meters north
walk 236 meters east
walk 150 meters west
walk 127 meters south
walk 166 meters north
walk 802 meters west
walk 408 meters east
walk 304 meters south
walk 775 meters south
walk 445 meters east
walk 146 meters west
walk 524 meters north
walk 527 meters west
walk 21 meters north
walk 892 meters west
walk 634 meters north
walk 201 meters west
walk 830 meters north
walk 648 meters north
walk 696 meters east
walk 365 meters south
walk 10 meters west
walk 882 meters north
walk 40 meters north
walk 924 meters north
walk 636 meters north
walk 918 meters north
walk 204 meters south
walk 773 meters east
walk 289 meters north
walk 66 meters east
walk 247 meters south
walk 101 meters north
walk 83 meters east
walk 645 meters north
walk 298 meters south
walk 973 meters north
walk 350 meters east
walk 314 meters south
walk 849 meters west
walk 940 meters west
walk 323 meters north
walk 125 meters west
walk 675 meters south
walk 278 meters north
walk 733 meters south
walk 970 meters south
walk 746 meters east
walk 716 meters west
walk 343 meters west
walk 381 meters west
walk 591 meters west
walk 835 meters south
walk 137 meters south
walk 821 meters east
walk 72 meters east
walk 330 meters north
walk 704 meters east
walk 628 meters east
walk 180 meters east
walk 400 meters east
walk 784 meters west
walk 323 meters east
walk 338 meters south
walk 130 meters east
walk 605 meters south
walk 18 meters west
walk 790 meters east
walk 569 meters north
walk 839 meters west
walk 810 meters south
walk 302 meters west
walk 717 meters west
walk 96 meters east
walk 974 meters east
walk 421 meters west
walk 97 meters west
walk 590 meters east
walk 348 meters north
walk 787 meters east
walk 452 meters north
walk 605 meters west
walk 194 meters east
walk 561 meters west
walk 661 meters north
walk 66 meters west
walk 458 meters west
walk 580 meters north
walk 990 meters south
walk 900 meters west
walk 714 meters north
walk 718 meters north
walk 612 meters west
walk 49 meters east
walk 193 meters west
walk 674 meters south
walk 722 meters east
walk 661 meters north
walk 853 meters north
walk 701 meters west
walk 110 meters east
walk 851 meters west
walk 660 meters north
walk 76 meters north
walk 626 meters south
walk 672 meters north
walk 575 meters east
walk 820 meters north
walk 257 meters north
walk 829 meters west
walk 887 meters south
walk 140 meters west
walk 788 meters east
walk 54 meters west
walk 839 meters north
walk 912 meters west
walk 715 meters south
walk 540 meters west
walk 222 meters south
walk 489 meters west
walk 443 meters south
walk 882 meters north
walk 429 meters west
walk 279 meters south
walk 839 meters south
walk 297 meters north
walk 379 meters south
walk 218 meters west
walk 13 meters north
walk 520 meters south
walk 425 meters north
walk 853 meters east
walk 575 meters north
walk 15 meters south
walk 599 meters west
walk 505 meters south
walk 142 meters north
walk 264 meters east
walk 492 meters west
walk 603 meters south
walk 481 meters east
walk 294 meters north
walk 182 meters east
walk 584 meters east
walk 27 meters south
walk 151 meters north
walk 821 meters south
walk 496 meters north
walk 97 meters west
walk 889 meters north
walk 493 meters west
walk 535 meters east
walk 915 meters north
walk 646 meters east
walk 375 meters west
walk 681 meters west
walk 901 meters south
walk 140 meters south
walk 924 meters south
walk 842 meters west
walk 917 meters west
walk 268 meters east
walk 619 meters south
walk 234 meters north
walk 93 meters north
walk 162 meters west
walk 41 meters north
walk 711 meters south
walk 888 meters south
walk 761 meters north
walk 248 meters north
walk 332 meters north
walk 246 meters south
walk 953 meters south
walk 900 meters east
walk 334 meters east
walk 983 meters east
walk 658 meters east
walk 55 meters east
walk 181 meters east
walk 591 meters east
walk 125 meters north
walk 759 meters south
walk 82 meters east
walk 137 meters south
walk 392 meters south
walk 220 meters south
walk 392 meters south
walk 94 meters east
walk 123 meters south
walk 700 meters west
walk 299 meters south
walk 95 meters north
walk 591 meters east
walk 709 meters south
walk 545 meters south
walk 872 meters south
walk 103 meters west
walk 644 meters east
walk 712 meters north
walk 113 meters south
walk 930 meters west
walk 495 meters east
walk 945 meters north
walk 256 meters north
walk 636 meters east
walk 730 meters south
walk 68 meters south
walk 923 meters east
walk 662 meters east
walk 953 meters west
walk 664 meters west
walk 716 meters north
walk 833 meters east
walk 655 meters north
walk 592 meters south
walk 745 meters north
walk 6 meters south
walk 678 meters south
walk 126 meters east
walk 774 meters south
walk 733 meters east
walk 849 meters south
walk 571 meters east
walk 284 meters east
walk 375 meters north
walk 907 meters north
walk 449 meters west
walk 2 meters north
walk 236 meters west
walk 23 meters west
walk 602 meters east
walk 56 meters south
walk 498 meters south
walk 640 meters north
walk 545 meters south
walk 644 meters west
walk 773 meters south
walk 518 meters north
walk 167 meters north
walk 875 meters east
walk 45 meters south
walk 218 meters south
walk 681 meters west
walk 602 meters west
walk 969 meters north
walk 16 meters north
walk 271 meters south
walk 769 meters south
walk 630 meters east
walk 236 meters south
walk 563 meters north
walk 670 meters north
walk 279 meters east
walk 609 meters south
walk 111 meters west
walk 315 meters west
walk 299 meters north
walk 479 meters west
walk 706 meters west
walk 77 meters north
walk 904 meters south
walk 817 meters east
walk 854 meters south
walk 373 meters east
walk 48 meters south
walk 286 meters north
walk 304 meters west
walk 43 meters north
walk 85 meters west
walk 782 meters north
walk 678 meters west
walk 534 meters north
walk 165 meters south
walk 428 meters east
walk 340 meters north
walk 216 meters north
walk 908 meters east
walk 327 meters north
walk 726 meters north
walk 964 meters east
walk 425 meters south
walk 505 meters south
walk 478 meters north
walk 869 meters south
walk 291 meters south
walk 538 meters south
walk 273 meters south
walk 339 meters south
walk 153 meters south
walk 180 meters east
walk 645 meters east
walk 347 meters south
walk 865 meters east
walk 73 meters east
walk 530 meters west
walk 68 meters east
walk 195 meters north
walk 811 meters north
walk 170 meters south
walk 690 meters west
walk 995 meters north
walk 89 meters east
walk 473 meters east
walk 959 meters north
walk 791 meters north
walk 884 meters south
walk 618 meters north
walk 711 meters south
walk 790 meters north
walk 953 meters west
walk 232 meters north
walk 418 meters west
walk 106 meters west
walk 369 meters west
walk 451 meters west
walk 460 meters east
walk 65 meters south
walk 776 meters south
walk 875 meters east
walk 687 meters west
walk 471 meters south
walk 763 meters east
walk 770 meters north
walk 290 meters west
walk 943 meters west
walk 399 meters west
walk 875 meters east
walk 349 meters south
walk 480 meters east
walk 839 meters north
walk 45 meters east
walk 727 meters south
walk 101 meters south
walk 442 meters west
walk 308 meters south
walk 481 meters south
walk 374 meters south
walk 133 meters west
walk 434 meters west
walk 268 meters east
walk 372 meters south
walk 28 meters north
walk 620 meters east
walk 953 meters south
walk 707 meters north
walk 467 meters west
walk 47 meters south
walk 873 meters north
walk 217 meters east
walk 825 meters north
walk 377 meters south
walk 962 meters north
walk 154 meters north
walk 873 meters east
walk 18 meters south
walk 208 meters south
walk 722 meters west
walk 264 meters south
walk 703 meters north
walk 907 meters north
walk 551 meters north
walk 920 meters west
walk 700 meters west
walk 918 meters west
walk 443 meters north
walk 256 meters east
walk 965 meters north
walk 774 meters north
walk 763 meters north
walk 302 meters south
walk 290 meters north
walk 412 meters north
walk 197 meters south
walk 521 meters north
walk 300 meters east
walk 109 meters west
walk 783 meters west
walk 487 meters north
walk 319 meters south
walk 840 meters south
walk 235 meters north
walk 122 meters west
walk 761 meters north
walk 411 meters north
walk 160 meters west
walk 158 meters south
walk 991 meters south
walk 301 meters south
walk 809 meters south
walk 20 meters north
walk 942 meters east
walk 511 meters north
walk 878 meters west
walk 790 meters south
walk 40 meters west
walk 685 meters east
walk 453 meters north
walk 711 meters east
walk 755 meters west
walk 997 meters south
walk 719 meters south
walk 595 meters south
walk 435 meters south
walk 280 meters east
walk 427 meters south
walk 660 meters north
walk 252 meters east
walk 548 meters south
walk 421 meters south
walk 161 meters east
walk 613 meters west
walk 614 meters south
walk 932 meters north
walk 142 meters west
walk 383 meters east
walk 27 meters north
walk 870 meters south
walk 767 meters north
walk 641 meters north
walk 95 meters south
walk 662 meters north
walk 156 meters east
walk 298 meters south
walk 408 meters north
walk 195 meters south
walk 14 meters east
walk 816 meters east
walk 928 meters north
walk 108 meters north
walk 185 meters east
walk 190 meters north
walk 60 meters east
walk 835 meters north
walk 264 meters south
walk 640 meters west
walk 9 meters north
walk 905 meters east
walk 139 meters north
walk 456 meters south
walk 400 meters east
walk 95 meters north
walk 538 meters north
walk 336 meters east
walk 195 meters north
walk 743 meters east
walk 929 meters east
walk 697 meters west
walk 450 meters west
walk 208 meters east
walk 61 meters east
walk 441 meters north
walk 837 meters west
walk 205 meters west
walk 54 meters east
walk 137 meters east
walk 112 meters west
walk 104 meters west
walk 729 meters west
walk 92 meters south
walk 190 meters north
walk 808 meters north
walk 470 meters east
walk 187 meters north
walk 438 meters east
walk 406 meters west
walk 529 meters south
walk 602 meters west
walk 466 meters north
walk 533 meters north
walk 416 meters north
walk 743 meters south
walk 310 meters north
walk 678 meters east
walk 7 meters east
walk 786 meters west
walk 715 meters south
walk 256 meters west
walk 621 meters west
walk 855 meters north
walk 966 meters east
walk 250 meters east
walk 42 meters west
walk 704 meters north
walk 179 meters east
walk 719 meters south
walk 431 meters east
walk 922 meters west
walk 919 meters north
walk 829 meters east
walk 894 meters south
walk 452 meters north
walk 92 meters east
walk 493 meters north
walk 757 meters north
walk 581 meters south
walk 814 meters south
walk 110 meters north
walk 644 meters south
walk 950 meters west
walk 779 meters north
walk 852 meters west
walk 320 meters south
walk 403 meters south
walk 113 meters east
walk 214 meters east
walk 436 meters south
walk 714 meters north
walk 120 meters north
walk 604 meters west
walk 942 meters west
walk 861 meters east
walk 686 meters north
walk 50 meters north
walk 532 meters south
walk 928 meters north
walk 277 meters west
walk 69 meters north
walk 44 meters north
walk 495 meters west
walk 883 meters south
walk 692 meters north
walk 778 meters south
walk 326 meters south
walk 665 meters east
walk 587 meters south
walk 386 meters east
walk 756 meters east
walk 317 meters east
walk 109 meters north
walk 565 meters east
walk 727 meters west
walk 254 meters east
walk 335 meters south
walk 891 meters north
walk 352 meters north
walk 731 meters south
walk 992 meters west
walk 765 meters east
walk 268 meters west
walk 501 meters south
walk 32 meters east
walk 710 meters west
walk 336 meters west
walk 161 meters east
walk 77 meters west
walk 332 meters west
walk 767 meters east
walk 132 meters south
walk 508 meters south
walk 662 meters east
walk 344 meters north
walk 40 meters east
walk 349 meters east
walk 626 meters west
walk 749 meters south
walk 211 meters east
walk 127 meters east
walk 461 meters west
walk 60 meters west
walk 270 meters north
walk 533 meters east
walk 140 meters west
walk 1000 meters west
walk 632 meters south
walk 836 meters south
walk 606 meters west
walk 197 meters east
walk 467 meters north
walk 202 meters south
walk 181 meters east
walk 744 meters south
walk 943 meters west
walk 904 meters east
walk 727 meters west
walk 969 meters north
walk 117 meters west
walk 981 meters south
walk 209 meters east
walk 39 meters south
walk 180 meters east
walk 11 meters south
walk 966 meters south
walk 641 meters east
walk 869 meters north
walk 783 meters south
walk 533 meters south
walk 382 meters south
walk 609 meters north
walk 662 meters north
walk 300 meters east
walk 167 meters north
walk 571 meters west
walk 405 meters west
walk 748 meters north
walk 493 meters north
walk 782 meters west
walk 860 meters north
walk 856 meters north
walk 668 meters north
walk 535 meters west
walk 356 meters east
walk 48 meters east
walk 201 meters west
walk 661 meters east
walk 328 meters south
walk 844 meters east
walk 592 meters north
walk 486 meters north
walk 925 meters east
walk 662 meters east
walk 658 meters north
walk 743 meters west
walk 502 meters north
walk 556 meters east
walk 521 meters south
walk 229 meters north
walk 401 meters east
walk 396 meters west
walk 647 meters north
walk 439 meters north
walk 407 meters west
walk 956 meters east
walk 645 meters west
walk 951 meters north
walk 723 meters north
walk 459 meters west
walk 570 meters south
walk 190 meters east
walk 165 meters east
walk 655 meters east
walk 250 meters west
walk 730 meters west
walk 222 meters south
walk 333 meters south
walk 5 meters north
walk 249 meters east
walk 833 meters west
walk 163 meters north
walk 793 meters south
walk 28 meters south
walk 791 meters east
walk 76 meters north
walk 65 meters west
walk 147 meters north
walk 356 meters east
walk 268 meters east
walk 432 meters east
walk 78 meters north
walk 183 meters west
walk 573 meters east
walk 141 meters east
walk 366 meters north
walk 535 meters north
walk 403 meters east
walk 455 meters south
walk 945 meters south
walk 142 meters north
walk 232 meters west
walk 788 meters east
walk 239 meters west
walk 510 meters west
walk 24 meters south
walk 629 meters north
walk 598 meters east
walk 672 meters south
walk 920 meters south
walk 925 meters west
walk 132 meters east
walk 631 meters east
walk 698 meters north
walk 194 meters east
walk 305 meters west
walk 924 meters west
walk 156 meters south
walk 580 meters north
walk 579 meters north
walk 333 meters south
walk 984 meters north
walk 677 meters east
walk 347 meters west
walk 601 meters north
walk 88 meters west
walk 9 meters south
walk 721 meters east
walk 32 meters north
walk 254 meters west
walk 332 meters west
walk 158 meters south
walk 47 meters east
walk 476 meters north
walk 850 meters south
walk 666 meters west
walk 656 meters north
walk 236 meters west
walk 360 meters south
walk 711 meters east
walk 182 meters north
walk 161 meters north
walk 504 meters south
walk 890 meters east
walk 503 meters south
walk 731 meters west
walk 298 meters east
walk 8 meters east
walk 44 meters north
walk 415 meters west
walk 901 meters north
walk 603 meters east
walk 12 meters south
walk 748 meters south
walk 48 meters east
walk 184 meters south
walk 547 meters south
walk 453 meters north
walk 259 meters south
walk 479 meters east
walk 290 meters north
walk 457 meters south
walk 152 meters west
walk 518 meters north
walk 445 meters north
walk 56 meters north
walk 982 meters east
walk 244 meters east
walk 129 meters north
walk 870 meters south
walk 850 meters north
walk 604 meters east
walk 233 meters south
walk 263 meters south
walk 264 meters west
walk 955 meters south
walk 781 meters north
walk 253 meters north
walk 707 meters west
walk 461 meters east
walk 192 meters east
walk 884 meters east
walk 653 meters west
walk 852 meters north
walk 623 meters east
walk 773 meters east
walk 626 meters west
walk 684 meters south
walk 851 meters north
walk 773 meters north
walk 797 meters east
walk 509 meters east
walk 971 meters south
walk 907 meters south
walk 735 meters east
walk 355 meters west
walk 683 meters north
walk 10 meters east
walk 635 meters east
walk 512 meters north
walk 543 meters west
walk 756 meters east
walk 923 meters east
walk 86 meters north
walk 296 meters south
walk 784 meters south
walk 893 meters west
walk 54 meters east
walk 814 meters east
walk 358 meters west
walk 763 meters north
walk 574 meters west
walk 75 meters east
walk 383 meters east
walk 229 meters west
walk 949 meters north
walk 214 meters west
walk 627 meters west
walk 474 meters west
walk 953 meters west
walk 301 meters west
walk 239 meters east
walk 239 meters east
walk 434 meters west
walk 927 meters west
walk 84 meters north
walk 775 meters south
walk 918 meters south
walk 580 meters west
walk 850 meters south
walk 966 meters west
walk 895 meters south
walk 147 meters south
walk 523 meters north
walk 539 meters east
walk 945 meters north
walk 743 meters south
walk 341 meters west
walk 17 meters east
walk 716 meters south
walk 881 meters south
walk 380 meters east
walk 328 meters south
walk 188 meters north
walk 25 meters south
walk 88 meters south
walk 113 meters north
walk 756 meters east
walk 329 meters east
walk 961 meters north
walk 511 meters west
walk 90 meters west
walk 905 meters east
walk 227 meters west
walk 434 meters north
walk 832 meters south
walk 550 meters north
walk 158 meters east
walk 24 meters east
walk 226 meters north
walk 228 meters east
walk 394 meters south
walk 827 meters west
walk 270 meters east
walk 874 meters east
walk 599 meters west
walk 308 meters north
walk 504 meters north
walk 863 meters east
walk 709 meters south
walk 729 meters west
walk 929 meters west
walk 233 meters south
walk 894 meters north
walk 206 meters south
walk 240 meters south
walk 579 meters south
walk 361 meters north
walk 420 meters east
walk 48 meters north
walk 543 meters south
walk 325 meters west
walk 774 meters north
walk 664 meters north
walk 830 meters east
walk 920 meters south
walk 794 meters west
walk 632 meters west
walk 105 meters south
walk 794 meters north
walk 540 meters east
walk 991 meters south
walk 213 meters south
walk 28 meters south
walk 877 meters north
walk 762 meters east
walk 18 meters west
walk 684 meters east
walk 271 meters south
walk 477 meters south
walk 504 meters east
walk 594 meters north
walk 17 meters east
walk 97 meters west
walk 658 meters west
walk 495 meters east
walk 166 meters north
walk 796 meters north
walk 649 meters west
walk 933 meters north
walk 37 meters east
walk 49 meters east
walk 356 meters north
walk 450 meters south
walk 954 meters north
walk 811 meters east
walk 999 meters south
walk 605 meters west
walk 821 meters south
walk 133 meters south
walk 615 meters west
walk 29 meters east
walk 672 meters east
walk 867 meters south
walk 465 meters east
walk 486 meters north
walk 154 meters west
walk 829 meters west
walk 539 meters east
walk 124 meters north
walk 990 meters south
walk 105 meters south
walk 365 meters east
walk 109 meters west
walk 887 meters west
walk 232 meters north
walk 795 meters east
walk 622 meters west
walk 76 meters west
walk 531 meters north
walk 470 meters south
walk 343 meters north
walk 473 meters south
walk 986 meters east
walk 17 meters north
walk 90 meters west
walk 219 meters north
walk 721 meters north
walk 260 meters east
walk 11 meters south
walk 338 meters south
walk 514 meters south
walk 813 meters south
walk 538 meters east
walk 205 meters west
walk 918 meters east
walk 67 meters south
walk 210 meters west
walk 899 meters south
walk 169 meters south
walk 490 meters west
walk 572 meters west
walk 65 meters west
walk 719 meters north
walk 774 meters south
walk 627 meters west
walk 22 meters north
walk 460 meters south
walk 819 meters south
walk 988 meters north
walk 940 meters west
walk 989 meters north
walk 895 meters east
walk 190 meters west
walk 124 meters west
walk 30 meters north
walk 376 meters north
walk 815 meters south
walk 308 meters north
walk 969 meters east
walk 548 meters north
walk 685 meters west
walk 994 meters east
walk 281 meters west
walk 548 meters east
walk 861 meters south
walk 530 meters north
walk 703 meters south
walk 619 meters west
walk 33 meters west
walk 324 meters north
walk 152 meters west
walk 463 meters east
walk 478 meters south
walk 250 meters north
walk 885 meters south
walk 841 meters south
walk 819 meters south
walk 506 meters west
walk 880 meters west
walk 181 meters east
walk 36 meters north
walk 595 meters south
walk 602 meters north
walk 464 meters north
walk 342 meters south
walk 373 meters north
walk 753 meters east
walk 279 meters east
walk 239 meters west
walk 797 meters south
walk 697 meters west
walk 147 meters west
walk 347 meters west
walk 440 meters south
walk 530 meters west
walk 945 meters south
walk 557 meters north
walk 616 meters north
walk 316 meters east
walk 72 meters south
walk 653 meters west
walk 824 meters south
walk 939 meters west
walk 575 meters west
walk 809 meters east
walk 67 meters south
walk 690 meters west
walk 81 meters west
walk 237 meters east
walk 713 meters south
walk 761 meters south
walk 113 meters east
walk 804 meters north
walk 135 meters west
walk 604 meters south
walk 481 meters east
walk 63 meters east
walk 528 meters north
walk 171 meters north
walk 161 meters west
walk 243 meters south
walk 151 meters east
walk 213 meters north
walk 912 meters north
walk 866 meters south
walk 322 meters north
walk 727 meters east
walk 931 meters south
walk 717 meters north
walk 451 meters north
walk 607 meters south
walk 841 meters north
walk 980 meters west
walk 147 meters west
walk 595 meters east
walk 870 meters east
walk 389 meters south
walk 342 meters north
walk 543 meters west
walk 318 meters west
walk 311 meters west
walk 819 meters west
walk 375 meters north
walk 277 meters west
walk 546 meters north
walk 376 meters east
walk 567 meters south
walk 154 meters south
walk 750 meters south
walk 538 meters east
walk 924 meters north
walk 88 meters north
walk 598 meters east
walk 264 meters south
walk 718 meters east
walk 255 meters west
walk 82 meters north
walk 806 meters west
walk 895 meters north
walk 736 meters south
walk 539 meters north
walk 886 meters north
walk 235 meters west
walk 133 meters north
walk 629 meters east
walk 459 meters west
walk 782 meters west
walk 427 meters north
walk 276 meters south
walk 315 meters south
walk 221 meters east
walk 990 meters south
walk 497 meters north
walk 999 meters south
walk 899 meters south
walk 325 meters north
walk 107 meters north
walk 31 meters north
walk 350 meters west
walk 887 meters west
walk 572 meters south
walk 445 meters north
walk 913 meters east
walk 367 meters north
walk 417 meters south
walk 59 meters south
walk 274 meters south
walk 322 meters north
walk 601 meters west
walk 613 meters north
walk 16 meters south
walk 561 meters south
walk 639 meters north
walk 822 meters east
walk 604 meters north
walk 383 meters north
walk 787 meters north
walk 909 meters south
walk 180 meters east
walk 728 meters north
walk 424 meters north
walk 352 meters north
walk 190 meters east
walk 986 meters south
walk 614 meters east
walk 134 meters north
walk 478 meters west
walk 808 meters east
walk 539 meters east
walk 879 meters west
walk 492 meters north
walk 876 meters west
walk 506 meters north
walk 36 meters north
walk 945 meters west
walk 671 meters west
walk 359 meters north
walk 437 meters north
walk 289 meters south
walk 701 meters west
walk 663 meters south
walk 607 meters north
walk 332 meters south
walk 588 meters south
walk 788 meters east
walk 436 meters west
walk 879 meters north
walk 230 meters south
walk 798 meters east
walk 687 meters south
walk 344 meters east
walk 117 meters west
walk 899 meters south
walk 295 meters west
walk 256 meters north
walk 608 meters south
walk 548 meters north
walk 770 meters south
walk 637 meters south
walk 508 meters south
walk 736 meters south
walk 662 meters east
walk 398 meters north
walk 524 meters north
walk 794 meters south
walk 302 meters south
walk 157 meters south
walk 722 meters south
walk 133 meters east
walk 54 meters east
walk 838 meters west
walk 473 meters east
walk 571 meters west
walk 282 meters west
walk 783 meters west
walk 544 meters east
walk 984 meters south
walk 69 meters south
walk 78 meters south
walk 176 meters north
walk 837 meters north
walk 563 meters west
walk 210 meters south
walk 45 meters north
walk 428 meters south
walk 48 meters north
walk 293 meters south
walk 263 meters north
walk 260 meters east
walk 709 meters north
walk 814 meters north
walk 531 meters west
walk 240 meters west
walk 399 meters west
walk 457 meters east
walk 868 meters north
walk 108 meters east
walk 861 meters west
walk 18 meters east
walk 669 meters south
walk 680 meters south
walk 861 meters east
walk 119 meters south
walk 48 meters north
walk 370 meters west
walk 23 meters east
walk 410 meters east
walk 439 meters west
walk 185 meters north
walk 583 meters west
walk 137 meters south
walk 217 meters east
walk 209 meters east
walk 430 meters south
walk 153 meters east
walk 989 meters east
walk 787 meters north
walk 611 meters south
walk 389 meters north
walk 566 meters south
walk 997 meters west
walk 958 meters south
walk 403 meters north
walk 531 meters west
walk 173 meters east
walk 880 meters south
walk 914 meters west
walk 980 meters east
walk 226 meters west
walk 283 meters north
walk 802 meters north
walk 928 meters north
walk 21 meters east
walk 234 meters north
walk 862 meters east
walk 779 meters south
walk 920 meters east
walk 536 meters north
walk 741 meters east
walk 653 meters west
walk 86 meters west
walk 835 meters west
walk 386 meters south
walk 513 meters north
walk 411 meters north
walk 408 meters north
walk 600 meters west
walk 71 meters west
walk 151 meters east
walk 359 meters east
walk 415 meters west
walk 100 meters north
walk 839 meters east
walk 237 meters north
walk 472 meters east
walk 812 meters east
walk 356 meters west
walk 944 meters north
walk 761 meters west
walk 707 meters east
walk 277 meters north
walk 765 meters north
walk 142 meters east
walk 586 meters north
walk 220 meters west
walk 166 meters west
walk 907 meters west
walk 729 meters east
walk 728 meters south
walk 110 meters south
walk 223 meters east
walk 430 meters east
walk 86 meters north
walk 617 meters north
walk 742 meters north
walk 757 meters west
walk 298 meters east
walk 74 meters west
walk 889 meters east
walk 52 meters north
walk 963 meters east
walk 651 meters east
walk 879 meters north
walk 403 meters east
walk 205 meters north
walk 159 meters north
walk 436 meters east
walk 146 meters east
walk 986 meters east
walk 644 meters north
walk 311 meters south
walk 453 meters west
walk 530 meters west
walk 747 meters east
walk 417 meters west
walk 812 meters west
walk 863 meters south
walk 552 meters north
walk 646 meters west
walk 232 meters north
walk 548 meters east
walk 764 meters east
walk 960 meters east
walk 711 meters west
walk 814 meters east
walk 447 meters south
walk 216 meters west
walk 682 meters west
walk 333 meters west
walk 404 meters north
walk 931 meters north
walk 381 meters south
walk 117 meters west
walk 832 meters south
walk 497 meters north
walk 87 meters east
walk 519 meters west
walk 54 meters west
walk 334 meters east
walk 804 meters east
walk 867 meters east
walk 119 meters west
walk 415 meters south
walk 387 meters south
walk 935 meters east
walk 368 meters south
walk 975 meters north
walk 946 meters east
walk 674 meters north
walk 571 meters north
walk 641 meters south
walk 891 meters south
walk 865 meters east
walk 263 meters west
walk 233 meters east
walk 74 meters east
walk 150 meters east
walk 822 meters south
walk 923 meters west
walk 247 meters west
walk 119 meters west
walk 630 meters west
walk 849 meters south
walk 745 meters west
walk 571 meters south
walk 697 meters west
walk 647 meters north
walk 741 meters east
walk 483 meters south
walk 825 meters south
walk 591 meters west
walk 691 meters east
walk 872 meters south
walk 672 meters west
walk 963 meters north
walk 182 meters west
walk 643 meters west
walk 513 meters south
walk 643 meters east
walk 266 meters north
walk 482 meters south
walk 256 meters north
walk 831 meters west
walk 910 meters west
walk 792 meters east
walk 549 meters west
walk 835 meters north
walk 411 meters east
walk 192 meters west
walk 937 meters east
walk 82 meters west
walk 685 meters south
walk 908 meters south
walk 855 meters south
walk 876 meters east
walk 111 meters east
walk 83 meters east
walk 632 meters east
walk 649 meters east
walk 209 meters north
walk 807 meters south
walk 380 meters north
walk 856 meters north
walk 120 meters west
walk 431 meters east
walk 649 meters north
walk 174 meters east
walk 145 meters south
walk 126 meters south
walk 778 meters west
walk 546 meters south
walk 275 meters east
walk 370 meters west
walk 501 meters east
walk 643 meters south
walk 929 meters west
walk 475 meters east
walk 921 meters east
walk 33 meters east
walk 363 meters south
walk 763 meters south
walk 343 meters north
walk 371 meters west
walk 14 meters east
walk 974 meters west
walk 245 meters south
walk 78 meters west
walk 316 meters south
walk 432 meters north
walk 856 meters west
walk 586 meters north
walk 669 meters west
walk 566 meters south
walk 898 meters south
walk 279 meters west
walk 563 meters south
walk 967 meters north
walk 673 meters north
walk 608 meters west
walk 356 meters south
walk 914 meters south
walk 198 meters east
walk 108 meters east
walk 993 meters west
walk 922 meters east
walk 464 meters west
walk 567 meters east
walk 489 meters south
walk 584 meters north
walk 414 meters south
walk 992 meters west
walk 829 meters west
walk 352 meters east
walk 796 meters north
walk 267 meters west
walk 201 meters east
walk 927 meters east
walk 876 meters east
walk 630 meters north
walk 468 meters south
walk 518 meters west
walk 907 meters south
walk 28 meters east
walk 434 meters east
walk 900 meters west
walk 509 meters east
walk 846 meters east
walk 385 meters north
walk 657 meters west
walk 372 meters west
walk 793 meters south
walk 431 meters south
walk 221 meters west
walk 776 meters south
walk 649 meters north
walk 853 meters south
walk 159 meters west
walk 428 meters east
walk 393 meters north
walk 46 meters north
walk 466 meters east
walk 874 meters north
walk 193 meters south
walk 75 meters north
walk 213 meters north
walk 777 meters east
walk 481 meters east
walk 301 meters south
walk 317 meters east
walk 626 meters north
walk 67 meters north
walk 830 meters north
walk 795 meters north
walk 769 meters south
walk 517 meters east
walk 291 meters north
walk 277 meters south
walk 668 meters south
walk 29 meters south
walk 825 meters south
walk 912 meters east
walk 564 meters east
walk 940 meters west
walk 459 meters south
walk 602 meters north
walk 861 meters east
walk 7 meters east
walk 455 meters west
walk 383 meters west
walk 99 meters south
walk 504 meters west
walk 107 meters east
walk 939 meters west
walk 660 meters north
walk 489 meters north
walk 670 meters west
walk 466 meters east
walk 98 meters north
walk 735 meters east
walk 644 meters east
walk 66 meters south
walk 406 meters east
walk 610 meters east
walk 953 meters east
walk 127 meters north
walk 513 meters south
walk 539 meters east
walk 408 meters north
walk 362 meters south
walk 225 meters east
walk 956 meters south
walk 196 meters east
walk 546 meters west
walk 532 meters west
walk 563 meters north
walk 764 meters north
walk 373 meters east
walk 446 meters west
walk 456 meters south
walk 983 meters west
walk 117 meters west
walk 66 meters north
walk 123 meters south
walk 678 meters east
walk 988 meters south
walk 417 meters north
walk 606 meters west
walk 974 meters south
walk 60 meters south
walk 699 meters east
walk 732 meters west
walk 297 meters west
walk 516 meters east
walk 244 meters south
walk 800 meters east
walk 225 meters south
walk 888 meters west
walk 687 meters south
walk 168 meters east
walk 758 meters west
walk 846 meters west
walk 240 meters south
walk 291 meters west
walk 684 meters east
walk 340 meters north
walk 363 meters south
walk 279 meters north
walk 502 meters south
walk 218 meters west
walk 525 meters south
walk 820 meters east
walk 533 meters south
walk 286 meters east
walk 635 meters east
walk 264 meters east
walk 317 meters north
walk 709 meters west
walk 159 meters west
walk 82 meters east
walk 435 meters north
walk 186 meters south
walk 299 meters north
walk 88 meters west
walk 436 meters north
walk 956 meters north
walk 209 meters west
walk 285 meters west
walk 812 meters west
walk 241 meters north
walk 150 meters west
walk 702 meters south
walk 95 meters south
walk 478 meters west
walk 830 meters south
walk 785 meters south
walk 802 meters south
walk 986 meters east
walk 533 meters south
walk 697 meters north
walk 694 meters north
walk 464 meters south
walk 891 meters south
walk 182 meters north
walk 365 meters east
walk 195 meters west
walk 955 meters north
walk 747 meters south
walk 512 meters north
walk 266 meters west
walk 10 meters north
walk 839 meters south
walk 215 meters west
walk 939 meters south
walk 114 meters east
walk 533 meters south
walk 830 meters south
walk 947 meters south
walk 617 meters west
walk 443 meters west
walk 866 meters west
walk 87 meters north
walk 696 meters east
walk 868 meters south
walk 802 meters west
walk 262 meters west
walk 708 meters south
walk 991 meters west
walk 705 meters west
walk 851 meters north
walk 923 meters south
walk 884 meters south
walk 2 meters east
walk 555 meters east
walk 65 meters west
walk 651 meters north
walk 75 meters west
walk 619 meters west
walk 253 meters west
walk 721 meters north
walk 604 meters south
walk 442 meters north
walk 515 meters east
walk 787 meters north
walk 688 meters west
walk 869 meters east
walk 124 meters north
walk 245 meters east
walk 409 meters west
walk 28 meters west
walk 98 meters north
walk 66 meters north
walk 83 meters west
walk 951 meters east
walk 930 meters south
walk 578 meters east
walk 97 meters west
walk 240 meters west
walk 881 meters west
walk 15 meters south
walk 545 meters west
walk 747 meters west
walk 482 meters south
walk 229 meters north
walk 262 meters west
walk 900 meters west
walk 825 meters east
walk 380 meters north
walk 366 meters west
walk 926 meters west
walk 463 meters north
walk 286 meters south
walk 931 meters west
walk 377 meters south
walk 134 meters west
walk 926 meters south
walk 147 meters south
walk 747 meters west
walk 253 meters east
walk 207 meters north
walk 55 meters east
walk 498 meters north
walk 912 meters east
walk 638 meters north
walk 230 meters east
walk 337 meters south
walk 295 meters east
walk 535 meters west
walk 581 meters east
walk 928 meters west
walk 332 meters west
walk 736 meters east
walk 442 meters north
walk 774 meters south
walk 129 meters north
walk 664 meters west
walk 669 meters north
walk 770 meters south
walk 551 meters south
walk 818 meters north
walk 700 meters east
walk 159 meters north
walk 313 meters east
walk 906 meters north
walk 433 meters south
walk 102 meters east
walk 406 meters south
walk 140 meters south
walk 684 meters south
walk 161 meters north
walk 390 meters west
walk 583 meters south
walk 616 meters west
walk 74 meters west
walk 894 meters west
walk 73 meters south
walk 666 meters east
walk 851 meters north
walk 952 meters south
walk 867 meters north
walk 539 meters west
walk 781 meters north
walk 39 meters south
walk 696 meters north
walk 179 meters west
walk 545 meters east
walk 25 meters west
walk 518 meters south
walk 398 meters south
walk 168 meters north
walk 852 meters south
walk 417 meters north
walk 447 meters west
walk 972 meters east
walk 197 meters east
walk 717 meters east
walk 514 meters west
walk 399 meters east
walk 285 meters east
walk 565 meters east
walk 528 meters south
walk 751 meters north
walk 170 meters east
walk 849 meters east
walk 870 meters east
walk 935 meters north
walk 812 meters north
walk 822 meters south
walk 180 meters west
walk 660 meters south
walk 135 meters north
walk 923 meters north
walk 481 meters east
walk 329 meters south
walk 453 meters north
walk 234 meters east
walk 534 meters west
walk 601 meters west
walk 950 meters east
walk 749 meters south
walk 926 meters south
walk 236 meters east
walk 769 meters west
walk 315 meters west
walk 904 meters west
walk 661 meters east
walk 858 meters west
walk 157 meters south
walk 987 meters north
walk 202 meters south
walk 185 meters south
walk 101 meters south
walk 633 meters west
walk 779 meters east
walk 505 meters north
walk 424 meters north
walk 267 meters west
walk 504 meters south
walk 153 meters west
walk 735 meters east
walk 874 meters east
walk 318 meters east
walk 598 meters west
walk 347 meters east
walk 475 meters west
walk 116 meters north
walk 157 meters south
walk 507 meters north
walk 105 meters south
walk 838 meters south
walk 63 meters south
walk 558 meters west
walk 546 meters east
walk 759 meters west
walk 642 meters north
walk 864 meters east
walk 904 meters west
walk 86 meters west
walk 156 meters west
walk 696 meters south
walk 191 meters east
walk 129 meters north
walk 716 meters south
walk 121 meters north
walk 233 meters east
walk 977 meters east
walk 631 meters north
walk 933 meters west
walk 544 meters north
walk 991 meters south
walk 812 meters west
walk 769 meters east
walk 582 meters west
walk 983 meters south
walk 62 meters east
walk 827 meters south
walk 825 meters west
walk 550 meters west
walk 518 meters south
walk 821 meters east
walk 507 meters west
walk 822 meters east
walk 541 meters east
walk 766 meters west
walk 183 meters east
walk 489 meters east
walk 486 meters south
walk 531 meters east
walk 137 meters west
walk 769 meters east
walk 394 meters west
walk 729 meters west
walk 712 meters south
walk 270 meters north
walk 370 meters north
walk 182 meters north
walk 782 meters west
walk 892 meters east
walk 409 meters east
walk 399 meters south
walk 432 meters west
walk 892 meters north
walk 840 meters north
walk 835 meters north
walk 643 meters east
walk 651 meters south
walk 246 meters north
walk 13 meters east
walk 176 meters south
walk 863 meters south
walk 830 meters east
walk 994 meters west
walk 674 meters east
walk 97 meters south
walk 266 meters east
walk 846 meters north
walk 667 meters north
walk 281 meters south
walk 31 meters north
walk 730 meters north
walk 300 meters east
walk 12 meters west
walk 621 meters west
walk 453 meters east
walk 643 meters north
walk 487 meters east
walk 482 meters west
walk 750 meters east
walk 628 meters east
walk 833 meters east
walk 451 meters south
walk 234 meters east
walk 987 meters north
walk 659 meters west
walk 540 meters south
walk 433 meters west
walk 338 meters south
walk 482 meters south
walk 478 meters north
walk 566 meters west
walk 784 meters north
walk 95 meters north
walk 545 meters south
walk 845 meters west
walk 851 meters east
walk 659 meters west
walk 488 meters south
walk 930 meters north
walk 502 meters west
walk 284 meters east
walk 785 meters west
walk 302 meters south
walk 337 meters west
walk 549 meters east
walk 400 meters north
walk 683 meters west
walk 894 meters west
walk 231 meters north
walk 337 meters east
walk 93 meters east
walk 4 meters west
walk 638 meters west
walk 981 meters north
walk 787 meters west
walk 953 meters west
walk 961 meters west
walk 240 meters west
walk 28 meters south
walk 306 meters north
walk 20 meters north
walk 259 meters north
walk 355 meters west
walk 400 meters west
walk 712 meters west
walk 228 meters north
walk 643 meters west
walk 757 meters north
walk 754 meters south
walk 458 meters east
walk 965 meters west
walk 75 meters south
walk 740 meters north
walk 594 meters east
walk 103 meters north
walk 75 meters west
walk 717 meters east
walk 636 meters east
walk 716 meters south
walk 595 meters west
walk 894 meters south
walk 461 meters north
walk 552 meters north
walk 357 meters south
walk 986 meters east
walk 677 meters south
walk 257 meters south
walk 539 meters south
walk 45 meters south
walk 592 meters north
walk 46 meters east
walk 968 meters south
walk 723 meters west
walk 19 meters south
walk 136 meters north
walk 855 meters south
walk 99 meters west
walk 364 meters north
walk 885 meters south
walk 487 meters west
walk 238 meters south
walk 596 meters east
walk 217 meters east
walk 882 meters east
walk 610 meters east
walk 485 meters east
walk 332 meters east
walk 474 meters east
walk 268 meters south
walk 951 meters west
walk 46 meters north
walk 504 meters south
walk 884 meters north
walk 612 meters east
walk 891 meters north
walk 599 meters north
walk 315 meters west
walk 181 meters east
walk 698 meters north
walk 582 meters west
walk 510 meters west
walk 714 meters east
walk 200 meters north
walk 684 meters south
walk 561 meters west
walk 396 meters east
walk 238 meters north
walk 770 meters west
walk 234 meters east
walk 939 meters north
walk 972 meters north
walk 957 meters west
walk 659 meters south
walk 683 meters east
walk 618 meters west
walk 202 meters west
walk 452 meters west
walk 829 meters south
walk 247 meters west
walk 521 meters east
walk 611 meters south
walk 809 meters west
walk 474 meters south
walk 520 meters north
walk 256 meters south
walk 793 meters north
walk 899 meters north
walk 969 meters north
walk 930 meters south
walk 355 meters north
walk 288 meters north
walk 726 meters south
walk 69 meters east
walk 684 meters north
walk 790 meters south
walk 600 meters north
walk 158 meters west
walk 199 meters south
walk 629 meters east
walk 269 meters west
walk 516 meters east
walk 828 meters west
walk 300 meters east
walk 806 meters west
walk 447 meters north
walk 116 meters east
walk 589 meters north
walk 873 meters north
walk 611 meters north
walk 129 meters north
walk 157 meters west
walk 285 meters north
walk 210 meters north
walk 540 meters south
walk 800 meters west
walk 949 meters north
walk 538 meters south
walk 323 meters east
walk 189 meters west
walk 182 meters north
walk 126 meters east
walk 914 meters north
walk 692 meters west
walk 975 meters north
walk 411 meters north
walk 418 meters east
walk 986 meters north
walk 401 meters south
walk 821 meters west
walk 583 meters east
walk 786 meters west
walk 286 meters west
walk 763 meters east
walk 650 meters east
walk 562 meters south
walk 442 meters west
walk 576 meters south
walk 867 meters south
walk 617 meters north
walk 543 meters west
walk 249 meters east
walk 63 meters east
walk 707 meters north
walk 412 meters west
walk 130 meters west
walk 970 meters north
walk 709 meters north
walk 525 meters east
walk 696 meters north
walk 680 meters north
walk 795 meters west
walk 685 meters north
walk 514 meters west
walk 952 meters south
walk 92 meters west
walk 665 meters south
walk 390 meters west
walk 469 meters south
walk 174 meters east
walk 373 meters south
walk 551 meters east
walk 840 meters south
walk 390 meters south
walk 993 meters south
walk 974 meters west
walk 706 meters west
walk 833 meters east
walk 59 meters west
walk 20 meters east
walk 552 meters north
walk 577 meters south
walk 490 meters north
walk 262 meters west
walk 488 meters south
walk 121 meters west
walk 885 meters north
walk 32 meters north
walk 87 meters south
walk 49 meters west
walk 444 meters north
walk 235 meters north
walk 337 meters north
walk 778 meters east
walk 90 meters east
walk 817 meters north
walk 531 meters west
walk 737 meters south
walk 770 meters west
walk 392 meters south
walk 651 meters south
walk 167 meters north
walk 538 meters north
walk 96 meters south
walk 535 meters south
walk 482 meters north
walk 274 meters north
walk 208 meters south
walk 176 meters south
walk 531 meters east
walk 574 meters west
walk 197 meters east
walk 721 meters west
walk 892 meters south
walk 810 meters north
walk 35 meters east
walk 326 meters south
walk 805 meters west
walk 264 meters east
walk 261 meters west
walk 935 meters north
walk 523 meters east
walk 723 meters east
walk 304 meters west
walk 759 meters south
walk 664 meters south
walk 942 meters east
walk 273 meters east
walk 9 meters south
walk 752 meters west
walk 468 meters east
walk 712 meters east
walk 618 meters south
walk 1000 meters east
walk 145 meters west
walk 982 meters north
walk 50 meters north
walk 308 meters west
walk 407 meters north
walk 133 meters west
walk 764 meters east
walk 341 meters north
walk 894 meters north
walk 898 meters east
walk 71 meters south
walk 93 meters west
walk 829 meters north
walk 330 meters east
walk 47 meters west
walk 747 meters west
walk 257 meters north
walk 280 meters east
walk 568 meters north
walk 466 meters north
walk 542 meters west
walk 258 meters south
walk 560 meters east
walk 170 meters east
walk 204 meters south
walk 739 meters south
walk 216 meters east
walk 718 meters east
walk 413 meters south
walk 553 meters north
walk 116 meters east
walk 737 meters west
walk 831 meters east
walk 403 meters north
walk 235 meters east
walk 526 meters east
walk 871 meters south
walk 551 meters west
walk 112 meters south
walk 849 meters west
walk 120 meters south
walk 680 meters east
walk 790 meters east
walk 392 meters south
walk 807 meters east
walk 525 meters east
walk 257 meters north
walk 691 meters east
walk 716 meters north
walk 277 meters south
walk 617 meters east
walk 19 meters north
walk 273 meters north
walk 399 meters west
walk 293 meters south
walk 821 meters west
walk 333 meters south
walk 63 meters west
walk 915 meters east
walk 405 meters west
walk 254 meters north
walk 101 meters east
walk 995 meters west
walk 537 meters north
walk 260 meters north
walk 47 meters north
walk 233 meters south
walk 392 meters west
walk 418 meters east
walk 541 meters east
walk 140 meters north
walk 994 meters south
walk 688 meters south
walk 602 meters south
walk 499 meters south
walk 94 meters west
walk 580 meters east
walk 400 meters west
walk 381 meters south
walk 366 meters south
walk 554 meters north
walk 902 meters north
walk 291 meters south
walk 445 meters north
walk 532 meters west
walk 473 meters north
walk 741 meters south
walk 966 meters south
walk 781 meters west
walk 157 meters east
walk 996 meters north
walk 267 meters south
walk 44 meters west
walk 874 meters east
walk 692 meters east
walk 654 meters east
walk 975 meters west
walk 35 meters north
walk 758 meters east
walk 419 meters east
walk 670 meters west
walk 364 meters north
walk 146 meters south
walk 454 meters north
walk 10 meters south
walk 444 meters west
walk 440 meters south
walk 343 meters west
walk 852 meters south
walk 624 meters north
walk 717 meters west
walk 685 meters south
walk 105 meters east
walk 805 meters north
walk 731 meters west
walk 754 meters south
walk 229 meters east
walk 291 meters north
walk 834 meters south
walk 10 meters south
walk 414 meters west
walk 870 meters north
walk 848 meters north
walk 208 meters north
walk 826 meters south
walk 264 meters west
walk 73 meters north
walk 343 meters south
walk 311 meters west
walk 998 meters east
walk 116 meters east
walk 49 meters north
walk 633 meters south
walk 959 meters south
walk 264 meters east
walk 393 meters west
walk 358 meters west
walk 181 meters east
walk 443 meters north
walk 673 meters east
walk 293 meters west
walk 661 meters north
walk 720 meters west
walk 982 meters west
walk 385 meters west
walk 898 meters south
walk 453 meters south
walk 590 meters east
walk 514 meters north
walk 779 meters south
walk 317 meters west
walk 193 meters east
walk 984 meters east
walk 887 meters west
walk 255 meters north
walk 761 meters north
walk 105 meters south
walk 823 meters south
walk 890 meters west
walk 725 meters south
walk 169 meters east
walk 867 meters south
walk 75 meters west
walk 93 meters west
walk 49 meters east
walk 862 meters east
walk 414 meters east
walk 981 meters east
walk 65 meters west
walk 380 meters east
walk 707 meters east
walk 945 meters east
walk 456 meters east
walk 651 meters south
walk 8 meters south
walk 204 meters south
walk 542 meters north
walk 746 meters east
walk 913 meters south
walk 441 meters south
walk 816 meters north
walk 260 meters east
walk 759 meters north
walk 885 meters east
walk 874 meters west
walk 619 meters west
walk 744 meters west
walk 269 meters east
walk 478 meters east
walk 208 meters north
walk 44 meters west
walk 957 meters east
walk 64 meters east
walk 730 meters east
walk 712 meters south
walk 667 meters west
walk 128 meters south
walk 978 meters south
walk 616 meters east
walk 944 meters north
walk 761 meters south
walk 195 meters east
walk 271 meters south
walk 140 meters west
walk 758 meters north
walk 933 meters east
walk 927 meters north
walk 396 meters west
walk 112 meters west
walk 920 meters west
walk 816 meters south
walk 364 meters west
walk 701 meters west
walk 293 meters west
walk 949 meters east
walk 694 meters east
walk 725 meters south
walk 757 meters south
walk 25 meters east
walk 35 meters north
walk 107 meters east
walk 547 meters east
walk 321 meters north
walk 909 meters south
walk 846 meters west
walk 35 meters south
walk 169 meters north
walk 696 meters west
walk 305 meters east
walk 193 meters south
walk 939 meters north
walk 601 meters north
walk 401 meters east
walk 973 meters south
walk 825 meters east
walk 426 meters north
walk 867 meters north
walk 13 meters south
walk 994 meters west
walk 627 meters north
walk 54 meters north
walk 91 meters north
walk 256 meters east
walk 616 meters east
walk 529 meters south
walk 791 meters north
walk 115 meters west
walk 18 meters south
walk 18 meters east
walk 284 meters north
walk 590 meters north
walk 750 meters east
walk 168 meters north
walk 789 meters south
walk 264 meters north
walk 438 meters north
walk 841 meters west
walk 533 meters west
walk 31 meters west
walk 668 meters east
walk 958 meters east
walk 896 meters south
walk 356 meters south
walk 340 meters east
walk 137 meters east
walk 715 meters west
walk 808 meters west
walk 896 meters north
walk 882 meters south
walk 913 meters west
walk 926 meters north
walk 559 meters west
walk 143 meters east
walk 627 meters north
walk 71 meters south
walk 568 meters south
walk 762 meters south
walk 833 meters south
walk 49 meters north
walk 486 meters west
walk 753 meters north
walk 83 meters west
walk 314 meters east
walk 20 meters south
walk 33 meters west
walk 619 meters south
walk 765 meters east
walk 517 meters west
walk 532 meters north
walk 32 meters north
walk 103 meters west
walk 127 meters north
walk 590 meters east
walk 644 meters south
walk 64 meters north
walk 218 meters west
walk 284 meters east
walk 132 meters west
walk 905 meters south
walk 228 meters south
walk 168 meters north
walk 164 meters south
walk 118 meters east
walk 921 meters north
walk 130 meters south
walk 116 meters north
walk 743 meters east
walk 243 meters south
walk 103 meters south
walk 51 meters north
walk 607 meters south
walk 143 meters south
walk 480 meters north
walk 860 meters west
walk 769 meters south
walk 94 meters north
walk 550 meters north
walk 905 meters west
walk 914 meters north
walk 348 meters west
walk 404 meters north
walk 686 meters west
walk 933 meters west
walk 906 meters east
walk 107 meters south
walk 349 meters south
walk 997 meters east
walk 769 meters south
walk 236 meters east
walk 587 meters west
walk 575 meters west
walk 853 meters east
walk 751 meters east
walk 524 meters west
walk 767 meters west
walk 563 meters east
walk 251 meters west
walk 90 meters north
walk 20 meters south
walk 179 meters east
walk 272 meters west
walk 135 meters south
walk 649 meters east
walk 986 meters west
walk 321 meters west
walk 529 meters north
walk 816 meters south
walk 451 meters north
walk 723 meters east
walk 596 meters north
walk 427 meters north
walk 560 meters north
walk 600 meters south
walk 453 meters south
walk 385 meters west
walk 767 meters north
walk 401 meters south
walk 693 meters north
walk 89 meters north
walk 676 meters north
walk 854 meters north
walk 652 meters south
walk 503 meters east
walk 52 meters west
walk 451 meters west
walk 499 meters east
walk 817 meters east
walk 659 meters east
walk 179 meters west
walk 790 meters north
walk 167 meters east
walk 903 meters south
walk 173 meters south
walk 786 meters east
walk 342 meters east
walk 417 meters south
walk 38 meters east
walk 502 meters west
walk 161 meters south
walk 73 meters south
walk 359 meters east
walk 305 meters west
walk 577 meters south
walk 136 meters south
walk 214 meters north
walk 213 meters west
walk 621 meters west
walk 973 meters west
walk 494 meters north
walk 515 meters east
walk 913 meters north
walk 879 meters north
walk 405 meters east
walk 199 meters east
walk 458 meters north
walk 762 meters east
walk 634 meters west
walk 477 meters west
walk 493 meters south
walk 335 meters north
walk 603 meters east
walk 52 meters west
walk 242 meters west
walk 68 meters north
walk 53 meters west
walk 897 meters north
walk 343 meters east
walk 347 meters south
walk 268 meters north
walk 142 meters south
walk 582 meters west
walk 957 meters south
walk 986 meters south
walk 415 meters south
walk 24 meters north
walk 475 meters east
walk 477 meters south
walk 193 meters north
walk 681 meters south
walk 705 meters south
walk 404 meters south
walk 679 meters north
walk 26 meters east
walk 529 meters south
walk 732 meters south
walk 697 meters east
walk 648 meters south
walk 90 meters north
walk 63 meters north
walk 883 meters south
walk 547 meters south
walk 976 meters west
walk 304 meters south
walk 213 meters south
walk 225 meters east
walk 48 meters west
walk 792 meters south
walk 621 meters east
walk 482 meters south
walk 864 meters west
walk 100 meters south
walk 288 meters west
walk 937 meters west
walk 873 meters west
walk 993 meters north
walk 891 meters west
walk 706 meters east
walk 196 meters west
walk 86 meters north
walk 787 meters east
walk 133 meters east
walk 421 meters east
walk 117 meters north
walk 325 meters south
walk 540 meters west
walk 787 meters north
walk 729 meters east
walk 973 meters north
walk 159 meters north
walk 586 meters west
walk 252 meters east
walk 307 meters west
walk 675 meters east
walk 526 meters north
walk 646 meters south
walk 657 meters west
walk 361 meters south
walk 72 meters north
walk 921 meters south
walk 783 meters south
walk 76 meters west
walk 452 meters north
walk 458 meters south
walk 94 meters east
walk 327 meters west
walk 254 meters west
walk 322 meters south
walk 21 meters south
walk 328 meters east
walk 494 meters west
walk 384 meters west
walk 275 meters west
walk 857 meters north
walk 478 meters west
walk 841 meters east
walk 438 meters west
walk 74 meters west
walk 735 meters west
walk 801 meters north
walk 97 meters north
walk 327 meters west
walk 476 meters east
walk 951 meters north
walk 6 meters west
walk 686 meters west
walk 509 meters east
walk 728 meters east
walk 696 meters west
walk 614 meters south
walk 714 meters west
walk 923 meters north
walk 223 meters west
walk 927 meters south
walk 103 meters west
walk 502 meters north
walk 618 meters west
walk 788 meters east
walk 907 meters east
walk 385 meters south
walk 89 meters north
walk 948 meters south
walk 620 meters south
walk 12 meters south
walk 146 meters south
walk 404 meters east
walk 622 meters south
walk 23 meters south
walk 947 meters east
walk 492 meters west
walk 855 meters east
walk 817 meters east
walk 825 meters east
walk 520 meters north
walk 147 meters west
walk 272 meters south
walk 629 meters south
walk 204 meters north
walk 442 meters east
walk 798 meters east
walk 978 meters south
walk 864 meters west
walk 623 meters east
walk 728 meters east
walk 325 meters west
walk 298 meters north
walk 262 meters north
walk 873 meters west
walk 647 meters south
walk 45 meters east
walk 505 meters east
walk 658 meters west
walk 34 meters south
walk 681 meters east
walk 714 meters north
walk 434 meters north
walk 284 meters east
walk 53 meters west
walk 817 meters west
walk 555 meters west
walk 17 meters south
walk 997 meters west
walk 189 meters east
walk 400 meters east
walk 700 meters north
walk 716 meters east
walk 791 meters north
walk 468 meters east
walk 400 meters east
walk 187 meters south
walk 107 meters east
walk 923 meters east
walk 749 meters south
walk 396 meters south
walk 170 meters south
walk 398 meters west
walk 259 meters west
walk 958 meters south
walk 327 meters west
walk 483 meters north
walk 87 meters east
walk 178 meters north
walk 440 meters east
walk 801 meters north
walk 842 meters east
walk 604 meters west
walk 708 meters west
walk 949 meters east
walk 62 meters north
walk 456 meters south
walk 646 meters south
walk 562 meters west
walk 870 meters east
walk 493 meters west
walk 445 meters west
walk 599 meters west
walk 642 meters south
walk 301 meters north
walk 579 meters west
walk 932 meters south
walk 187 meters south
walk 456 meters west
walk 314 meters east
walk 882 meters west
walk 305 meters east
walk 67 meters south
walk 245 meters east
walk 915 meters south
walk 300 meters north
walk 449 meters north
walk 822 meters east
walk 844 meters south
walk 381 meters west
walk 417 meters north
walk 302 meters east
walk 854 meters north
walk 864 meters west
walk 884 meters east
walk 151 meters east
walk 781 meters east
walk 460 meters north
walk 762 meters north
walk 450 meters east
walk 603 meters north
walk 72 meters south
walk 512 meters north
walk 71 meters west
walk 207 meters west
walk 108 meters east
walk 373 meters south
walk 595 meters north
walk 568 meters west
walk 996 meters east
walk 476 meters north
walk 86 meters east
walk 703 meters north
walk 870 meters west
walk 913 meters south
walk 964 meters south
walk 686 meters south
walk 766 meters east
walk 196 meters north
walk 677 meters east
walk 916 meters south
walk 541 meters north
walk 569 meters north
walk 625 meters west
walk 551 meters west
walk 809 meters south
walk 985 meters west
walk 479 meters south
walk 822 meters east
walk 290 meters west
walk 553 meters west
walk 167 meters east
walk 314 meters east
walk 822 meters south
walk 609 meters south
walk 409 meters north
walk 916 meters north
walk 619 meters south
walk 517 meters north
walk 459 meters south
walk 749 meters west
walk 691 meters north
walk 819 meters west
walk 194 meters north
walk 5 meters south
walk 677 meters south
walk 946 meters east
walk 616 meters east
walk 741 meters north
walk 993 meters west
walk 275 meters west
walk 149 meters west
walk 564 meters north
walk 736 meters east
walk 566 meters south
walk 563 meters south
walk 683 meters south
walk 324 meters east
walk 267 meters west
walk 181 meters east
walk 208 meters east
walk 108 meters north
walk 654 meters east
walk 269 meters east
walk 93 meters east
walk 808 meters east
walk 488 meters east
walk 425 meters east
walk 539 meters north
walk 996 meters north
walk 695 meters east
walk 729 meters east
walk 793 meters north
walk 789 meters east
walk 158 meters east
walk 683 meters east
walk 605 meters east
walk 41 meters west
walk 823 meters south
walk 296 meters north
walk 192 meters west
walk 980 meters north
walk 364 meters west
walk 939 meters east
walk 340 meters north
walk 691 meters west
walk 90 meters south
walk 583 meters west
walk 533 meters east
walk 219 meters south
walk 515 meters west
walk 546 meters south
walk 277 meters south
walk 311 meters south
walk 791 meters north
walk 78 meters east
walk 228 meters west
walk 981 meters west
walk 926 meters west
walk 722 meters north
walk 767 meters north
walk 121 meters east
walk 249 meters west
walk 640 meters west
walk 991 meters west
walk 960 meters south
walk 111 meters south
walk 182 meters east
walk 704 meters south
walk 833 meters west
walk 528 meters north
walk 438 meters east
walk 21 meters west
walk 96 meters south
walk 849 meters east
walk 363 meters north
walk 505 meters south
walk 978 meters south
walk 354 meters west
walk 541 meters south
walk 674 meters east
walk 239 meters west
walk 466 meters north
walk 367 meters south
walk 613 meters east
walk 317 meters west
walk 30 meters east
walk 359 meters east
walk 816 meters south
walk 267 meters south
walk 672 meters west
walk 948 meters south
walk 773 meters north
walk 879 meters north
walk 898 meters east
walk 604 meters south
walk 409 meters east
walk 160 meters west
walk 746 meters north
walk 99 meters east
walk 597 meters east
walk 283 meters south
walk 872 meters west
walk 58 meters east
walk 389 meters east
walk 632 meters west
walk 354 meters north
walk 813 meters north
walk 38 meters east
walk 580 meters west
walk 668 meters north
walk 341 meters north
walk 311 meters east
walk 320 meters east
walk 612 meters south
walk 169 meters north
walk 398 meters north
walk 300 meters north
walk 698 meters north
walk 595 meters east
walk 408 meters east
walk 730 meters east
walk 476 meters north
walk 996 meters south
walk 225 meters north
walk 839 meters west
walk 103 meters south
walk 769 meters west
walk 891 meters north
walk 98 meters north
walk 748 meters north
walk 778 meters south
walk 797 meters south
walk 939 meters east
walk 599 meters west
walk 490 meters north
walk 707 meters south
walk 39 meters east
walk 340 meters south
walk 739 meters south
walk 79 meters west
walk 184 meters east
walk 516 meters north
walk 771 meters north
walk 50 meters west
walk 55 meters west
walk 69 meters north
walk 586 meters north
walk 886 meters north
walk 325 meters west
walk 761 meters north
walk 511 meters south
walk 996 meters east
walk 682 meters east
walk 391 meters south
walk 985 meters north
walk 688 meters east
walk 84 meters south
walk 977 meters south
walk 358 meters west
walk 950 meters north
walk 147 meters east
walk 562 meters north
walk 252 meters south
walk 461 meters south
walk 158 meters north
walk 339 meters south
walk 170 meters south
walk 753 meters south
walk 571 meters west
walk 568 meters north
walk 534 meters west
walk 75 meters south
walk 301 meters east
walk 215 meters north
walk 519 meters east
walk 395 meters east
walk 657 meters west
walk 218 meters east
walk 774 meters south
walk 21 meters west
walk 121 meters south
walk 814 meters east
walk 293 meters north
walk 143 meters north
walk 594 meters east
walk 208 meters west
walk 545 meters north
walk 76 meters north
walk 33 meters south
walk 966 meters west
walk 127 meters north
walk 26 meters south
walk 521 meters north
walk 879 meters east
walk 570 meters east
walk 391 meters south
walk 644 meters east
walk 937 meters east
walk 312 meters north
walk 503 meters north
walk 853 meters west
walk 245 meters west
walk 840 meters west
walk 521 meters south
walk 241 meters east
walk 467 meters west
walk 363 meters south
walk 121 meters east
walk 721 meters east
walk 594 meters north
walk 268 meters west
walk 800 meters north
walk 899 meters west
walk 281 meters west
walk 721 meters north
walk 114 meters east
walk 352 meters north
walk 90 meters south
walk 193 meters north
walk 963 meters west
walk 586 meters west
walk 874 meters south
walk 179 meters west
walk 959 meters south
walk 448 meters south
walk 442 meters east
walk 281 meters west
walk 733 meters east
walk 795 meters east
walk 491 meters south
walk 465 meters south
walk 379 meters west
walk 567 meters east
walk 269 meters east
walk 101 meters north
walk 769 meters south
walk 379 meters north
walk 764 meters east
walk 678 meters south
walk 173 meters west
walk 138 meters east
walk 515 meters east
walk 171 meters north
walk 609 meters east
walk 180 meters west
walk 862 meters south
walk 824 meters east
walk 789 meters west
walk 923 meters west
walk 163 meters east
walk 631 meters west
walk 131 meters north
walk 504 meters west
walk 387 meters east
walk 30 meters west
walk 982 meters west
walk 355 meters west
walk 762 meters east
walk 856 meters east
walk 790 meters west
walk 957 meters south
walk 792 meters south
walk 55 meters south
walk 555 meters north
walk 786 meters south
walk 478 meters east
walk 618 meters east
walk 759 meters east
walk 312 meters east
walk 87 meters south
walk 965 meters east
walk 50 meters south
walk 649 meters south
walk 746 meters south
walk 974 meters north
walk 835 meters west
walk 725 meters east
walk 62 meters south
walk 103 meters west
walk 876 meters east
walk 360 meters south
walk 957 meters east
walk 89 meters north
walk 942 meters east
walk 738 meters west
walk 455 meters west
walk 605 meters north
walk 560 meters north
walk 711 meters south
walk 496 meters north
walk 59 meters west
walk 772 meters east
walk 442 meters north
walk 59 meters west
walk 957 meters north
walk 541 meters south
walk 912 meters south
walk 836 meters north
walk 747 meters west
walk 584 meters north
walk 980 meters north
walk 141 meters south
walk 509 meters north
walk 943 meters north
walk 45 meters south
walk 536 meters south
walk 381 meters south
walk 905 meters west
walk 96 meters south
walk 312 meters north
walk 750 meters south
walk 837 meters west
walk 722 meters south
walk 384 meters east
walk 423 meters south
walk 59 meters west
walk 616 meters south
walk 345 meters west
walk 477 meters south
walk 97 meters east
walk 585 meters south
walk 201 meters north
walk 122 meters north
walk 602 meters west
walk 613 meters west
walk 102 meters east
walk 788 meters west
walk 79 meters south
walk 354 meters north
walk 576 meters south
walk 758 meters south
walk 361 meters west
walk 509 meters south
walk 64 meters south
walk 122 meters west
walk 11 meters south
walk 933 meters west
walk 300 meters east
walk 925 meters west
walk 309 meters east
walk 521 meters west
walk 888 meters east
walk 864 meters south
walk 781 meters south
walk 700 meters west
walk 45 meters south
walk 777 meters south
walk 638 meters north
walk 789 meters west
walk 73 meters east
walk 63 meters west
walk 453 meters west
walk 131 meters north
walk 753 meters east
walk 305 meters north
walk 955 meters south
walk 815 meters south
walk 535 meters west
walk 232 meters south
walk 425 meters south
walk 967 meters south
walk 695 meters north
walk 94 meters east
walk 106 meters east
walk 920 meters west
walk 129 meters south
walk 348 meters north
walk 497 meters south
walk 65 meters west
walk 420 meters south
walk 497 meters south
walk 349 meters south
walk 110 meters west
walk 516 meters north
walk 53 meters south
walk 613 meters west
walk 934 meters west
walk 371 meters north
walk 360 meters east
walk 412 meters south
walk 573 meters west
walk 18 meters east
walk 353 meters east
walk 154 meters west
walk 832 meters south
walk 351 meters south
walk 648 meters north
walk 431 meters north
walk 218 meters north
walk 387 meters east
walk 155 meters south
walk 916 meters south
walk 648 meters east
walk 325 meters north
walk 580 meters south
walk 299 meters south
walk 708 meters east
walk 284 meters south
walk 289 meters south
walk 190 meters south
walk 263 meters south
walk 340 meters east
walk 225 meters east
walk 659 meters south
walk 276 meters west
walk 499 meters north
walk 851 meters north
walk 751 meters west
walk 620 meters north
walk 726 meters west
walk 457 meters west
walk 348 meters south
walk 732 meters north
walk 200 meters north
walk 811 meters west
walk 456 meters east
walk 281 meters west
walk 673 meters east
walk 353 meters north
walk 485 meters east
walk 4 meters north
walk 868 meters west
walk 868 meters west
walk 973 meters west
walk 800 meters north
walk 591 meters east
walk 251 meters east
walk 571 meters south
walk 464 meters east
walk 635 meters north
walk 864 meters west
walk 20 meters south
walk 553 meters east
walk 206 meters north
walk 554 meters west
walk 295 meters west
walk 310 meters south
walk 380 meters west
walk 590 meters west
walk 917 meters east
walk 492 meters east
walk 324 meters north
walk 679 meters south
walk 977 meters west
walk 625 meters west
walk 495 meters west
walk 164 meters south
walk 574 meters north
walk 261 meters east
walk 937 meters south
walk 935 meters south
walk 970 meters west
walk 949 meters east
walk 817 meters south
walk 696 meters north
walk 688 meters north
walk 807 meters north
walk 799 meters west
walk 252 meters west
walk 860 meters east
walk 30 meters south
walk 974 meters north
walk 104 meters east
walk 249 meters south
walk 111 meters north
walk 339 meters east
walk 761 meters east
walk 104 meters east
walk 715 meters west
walk 467 meters west
walk 38 meters south
walk 299 meters east
walk 146 meters east
walk 636 meters south
walk 550 meters west
walk 989 meters north
walk 904 meters west
walk 952 meters north
walk 125 meters north
walk 203 meters north
walk 973 meters south
walk 882 meters east
walk 887 meters east
walk 410 meters west
walk 835 meters north
walk 696 meters east
walk 900 meters north
walk 998 meters south
walk 347 meters north
walk 342 meters north
walk 260 meters south
walk 730 meters north
walk 774 meters east
walk 150 meters south
walk 641 meters east
walk 996 meters west
walk 147 meters south
walk 209 meters east
walk 164 meters north
walk 673 meters east
walk 955 meters south
walk 427 meters east
walk 95 meters north
walk 852 meters west
walk 237 meters east
walk 873 meters east
walk 823 meters east
walk 18 meters east
walk 851 meters north
walk 804 meters north
walk 63 meters north
walk 556 meters south
walk 789 meters west
walk 194 meters north
walk 878 meters south
walk 45 meters east
walk 931 meters north
walk 174 meters west
walk 57 meters west
walk 488 meters west
walk 587 meters north
walk 550 meters west
walk 979 meters west
walk 687 meters north
walk 392 meters south
walk 979 meters east
walk 592 meters north
walk 116 meters south
walk 207 meters north
walk 383 meters north
walk 10 meters east
walk 468 meters south
walk 335 meters south
walk 359 meters north
walk 754 meters east
walk 37 meters north
walk 166 meters south
walk 987 meters west
walk 797 meters west
walk 963 meters north
walk 9 meters east
walk 874 meters north
walk 309 meters south
walk 180 meters south
walk 706 meters west
walk 252 meters north
walk 54 meters west
walk 22 meters north
walk 446 meters south
walk 809 meters west
walk 553 meters south
walk 68 meters east
walk 745 meters north
walk 678 meters north
walk 75 meters north
walk 176 meters east
walk 56 meters west
walk 7 meters north
walk 48 meters west
walk 85 meters west
walk 321 meters north
walk 772 meters north
walk 907 meters west
walk 581 meters east
walk 410 meters north
walk 582 meters east
walk 601 meters north
walk 429 meters south
walk 412 meters north
walk 35 meters east
walk 42 meters east
walk 464 meters east
walk 537 meters west
walk 710 meters north
walk 775 meters east
walk 121 meters east
walk 800 meters north
walk 104 meters east
walk 493 meters east
walk 919 meters north
walk 312 meters east
walk 65 meters east
walk 410 meters south
walk 980 meters east
walk 363 meters east
walk 71 meters east
walk 683 meters east
walk 674 meters west
walk 547 meters east
walk 400 meters west
walk 128 meters south
walk 613 meters south
walk 942 meters south
walk 21 meters west
walk 225 meters west
walk 482 meters south
walk 652 meters east
walk 781 meters east
walk 623 meters south
walk 448 meters west
walk 538 meters west
walk 663 meters north
walk 982 meters north
walk 958 meters west
walk 408 meters south
walk 421 meters south
walk 133 meters south
walk 944 meters east
walk 285 meters north
walk 678 meters west
walk 658 meters south
walk 172 meters west
walk 363 meters north
walk 618 meters north
walk 97 meters north
walk 925 meters north
walk 906 meters north
walk 736 meters west
walk 363 meters west
walk 774 meters south
walk 307 meters north
walk 734 meters south
walk 638 meters west
walk 615 meters north
walk 634 meters south
walk 400 meters west
walk 875 meters west
walk 1000 meters west
walk 15 meters south
walk 974 meters south
walk 950 meters west
walk 864 meters east
walk 224 meters south
walk 553 meters north
walk 247 meters west
walk 836 meters east
walk 908 meters north
walk 501 meters south
walk 923 meters west
walk 850 meters south
walk 972 meters south
walk 223 meters north
walk 787 meters west
walk 261 meters west
walk 862 meters north
walk 547 meters north
walk 747 meters south
walk 479 meters west
walk 213 meters south
walk 293 meters east
walk 247 meters south
walk 802 meters south
walk 139 meters west
walk 454 meters north
walk 586 meters west
walk 204 meters east
walk 693 meters north
walk 889 meters west
walk 811 meters south
walk 186 meters south
walk 123 meters east
walk 786 meters south
walk 375 meters east
walk 290 meters west
walk 553 meters north
walk 139 meters east
walk 15 meters west
walk 945 meters east
walk 688 meters north
walk 370 meters east
walk 875 meters north
walk 93 meters north
walk 184 meters south
walk 371 meters north
walk 168 meters north
walk 941 meters north
walk 719 meters west
walk 429 meters east
walk 137 meters east
walk 420 meters east
walk 734 meters west
walk 706 meters north
walk 770 meters south
walk 922 meters east
walk 79 meters north
walk 712 meters south
walk 839 meters west
walk 608 meters north
walk 423 meters south
walk 868 meters west
walk 319 meters north
walk 751 meters west
walk 833 meters west
walk 570 meters east
walk 55 meters west
walk 859 meters south
walk 274 meters east
walk 479 meters west
walk 904 meters west
walk 222 meters east
walk 228 meters north
walk 207 meters south
walk 441 meters south
walk 653 meters south
walk 93 meters west
walk 22 meters east
walk 863 meters west
walk 688 meters south
walk 509 meters east
walk 495 meters south
walk 788 meters west
walk 798 meters west
walk 616 meters east
walk 95 meters west
walk 151 meters east
walk 520 meters west
walk 125 meters north
walk 670 meters east
walk 449 meters south
walk 2 meters west
walk 592 meters south
walk 888 meters north
walk 65 meters east
walk 207 meters west
walk 791 meters west
walk 422 meters south
walk 308 meters north
walk 286 meters east
walk 894 meters south
walk 743 meters north
walk 159 meters north
walk 787 meters south
walk 866 meters south
walk 900 meters south
walk 572 meters north
walk 621 meters north
walk 51 meters north
walk 832 meters east
walk 66 meters north
walk 162 meters east
walk 847 meters west
walk 833 meters east
walk 177 meters west
walk 466 meters north
walk 309 meters west
walk 818 meters west
walk 485 meters north
walk 420 meters north
walk 868 meters south
walk 360 meters north
walk 353 meters south
walk 947 meters north
walk 960 meters west
walk 650 meters west
walk 774 meters south
walk 502 meters north
walk 780 meters west
walk 813 meters east
walk 224 meters south
walk 647 meters south
walk 123 meters south
walk 729 meters east
walk 550 meters east
walk 514 meters south
walk 668 meters east
walk 15 meters south
walk 534 meters north
walk 270 meters south
walk 954 meters south
walk 12 meters north
walk 23 meters north
walk 595 meters north
walk 329 meters south
walk 32 meters north
walk 73 meters west
walk 692 meters north
walk 447 meters north
walk 711 meters east
walk 913 meters south
walk 588 meters west
walk 333 meters north
walk 612 meters east
walk 985 meters east
walk 905 meters west
walk 454 meters east
walk 49 meters west
walk 178 meters east
walk 921 meters east
walk 137 meters east
walk 867 meters west
walk 958 meters west
walk 939 meters west
walk 852 meters south
walk 43 meters south
walk 604 meters south
walk 491 meters north
walk 664 meters south
walk 629 meters east
walk 365 meters east
walk 506 meters south
walk 205 meters east
walk 614 meters east
walk 674 meters west
walk 269 meters north
walk 138 meters south
walk 760 meters south
walk 639 meters west
walk 270 meters north
walk 472 meters south
walk 25 meters south
walk 654 meters south
walk 483 meters north
walk 523 meters south
walk 877 meters west
walk 506 meters east
walk 942 meters south
walk 91 meters west
walk 216 meters east
walk 901 meters south
walk 367 meters south
walk 486 meters east
walk 928 meters north
walk 363 meters south
walk 311 meters west
walk 923 meters north
walk 237 meters north
walk 660 meters south
walk 80 meters east
walk 469 meters west
walk 688 meters north
walk 187 meters north
walk 725 meters east
walk 386 meters east
walk 495 meters east
walk 374 meters north
walk 417 meters south
walk 735 meters south
walk 667 meters south
walk 718 meters west
walk 551 meters east
walk 927 meters north
walk 909 meters north
walk 287 meters west
walk 581 meters east
walk 823 meters west
walk 911 meters west
walk 89 meters north
walk 191 meters west
walk 262 meters south
walk 984 meters west
walk 509 meters south
walk 746 meters west
walk 838 meters south
walk 337 meters north
walk 397 meters north
walk 673 meters north
walk 338 meters west
walk 751 meters north
walk 662 meters west
walk 188 meters north
walk 107 meters south
walk 336 meters south
walk 188 meters south
walk 547 meters south
walk 659 meters south
walk 865 meters south
walk 227 meters west
walk 335 meters east
walk 893 meters north
walk 479 meters south
walk 851 meters east
walk 948 meters west
walk 294 meters east
walk 544 meters east
walk 130 meters west
walk 375 meters north
walk 678 meters north
walk 108 meters south
walk 335 meters north
walk 324 meters north
walk 410 meters north
walk 325 meters south
walk 254 meters east
walk 313 meters west
walk 852 meters west
walk 404 meters south
walk 794 meters north
walk 696 meters north
walk 542 meters north
walk 852 meters south
walk 682 meters north
walk 105 meters south
walk 122 meters south
walk 819 meters west
walk 60 meters north
walk 655 meters south
walk 571 meters east
walk 308 meters east
walk 369 meters east
walk 13 meters east
walk 994 meters west
walk 526 meters west
walk 513 meters north
walk 106 meters north
walk 51 meters east
walk 522 meters north
walk 490 meters north
walk 221 meters north
walk 299 meters south
walk 772 meters north
walk 76 meters south
walk 837 meters east
walk 689 meters east
walk 250 meters east
walk 433 meters east
walk 648 meters east
walk 886 meters north
walk 882 meters north
walk 868 meters east
walk 774 meters west
walk 565 meters west
walk 408 meters west
walk 216 meters south
walk 921 meters west
walk 464 meters west
walk 345 meters north
walk 257 meters north
walk 182 meters east
walk 628 meters north
walk 865 meters east
walk 104 meters west
walk 892 meters north
walk 952 meters west
walk 60 meters east
walk 229 meters east
walk 78 meters south
walk 261 meters north
walk 849 meters north
walk 889 meters south
walk 751 meters west
walk 337 meters north
walk 340 meters west
walk 534 meters west
walk 263 meters west
walk 178 meters south
walk 725 meters north
walk 493 meters west
walk 703 meters south
walk 380 meters east
walk 260 meters east
walk 461 meters north
walk 389 meters west
walk 32 meters south
walk 461 meters east
walk 357 meters west
walk 268 meters south
walk 259 meters west
walk 965 meters west
walk 780 meters south
walk 469 meters east
walk 63 meters south
walk 430 meters east
walk 724 meters west
walk 908 meters south
walk 291 meters east
walk 19 meters south
walk 224 meters west
walk 152 meters west
walk 459 meters north
walk 278 meters west
walk 177 meters west
walk 939 meters north
walk 301 meters south
walk 657 meters north
walk 412 meters north
walk 161 meters south
walk 229 meters north
walk 539 meters west
walk 18 meters south
walk 603 meters east
walk 571 meters north
walk 402 meters east
walk 146 meters west
walk 235 meters north
walk 597 meters north
walk 849 meters north
walk 399 meters west
walk 96 meters south
walk 462 meters west
walk 871 meters north
walk 222 meters south
walk 141 meters west
walk 199 meters west
walk 219 meters east
walk 26 meters west
walk 638 meters west
walk 626 meters north
walk 469 meters east
walk 527 meters south
walk 582 meters north
walk 453 meters east
walk 10 meters east
walk 542 meters north
walk 725 meters south
walk 313 meters east
walk 522 meters north
walk 119 meters south
walk 405 meters east
walk 820 meters west
walk 902 meters east
walk 388 meters west
walk 336 meters north
walk 504 meters west
walk 273 meters north
walk 32 meters west
walk 951 meters south
walk 146 meters east
walk 448 meters south
walk 86 meters south
walk 80 meters north
walk 62 meters west
walk 221 meters north
walk 727 meters south
walk 679 meters east
walk 142 meters east
walk 17 meters south
walk 366 meters west
walk 557 meters south
walk 620 meters east
walk 19 meters west
walk 916 meters north
walk 36 meters south
walk 5 meters south
walk 902 meters east
walk 283 meters west
walk 739 meters east
walk 178 meters east
walk 49 meters west
walk 122 meters north
walk 552 meters north
walk 480 meters south
walk 207 meters north
walk 452 meters south
walk 325 meters south
walk 80 meters west
walk 612 meters south
walk 493 meters south
walk 694 meters north
walk 943 meters south
walk 616 meters south
walk 484 meters north
walk 947 meters north
walk 880 meters east
walk 691 meters north
walk 499 meters north
walk 769 meters east
walk 457 meters south
walk 304 meters west
walk 186 meters north
walk 889 meters west
walk 247 meters west
walk 835 meters east
walk 274 meters south
walk 666 meters south
walk 216 meters south
walk 135 meters south
walk 553 meters south
walk 536 meters north
walk 704 meters west
walk 170 meters north
walk 990 meters south
walk 873 meters south
walk 683 meters east
walk 345 meters east
walk 513 meters west
walk 896 meters south
walk 994 meters west
walk 441 meters south
walk 88 meters east
walk 804 meters west
walk 399 meters west
walk 845 meters north
walk 530 meters west
walk 708 meters east
walk 575 meters north
walk 413 meters east
walk 491 meters north
walk 915 meters south
walk 706 meters east
walk 343 meters south
walk 428 meters east
walk 336 meters north
walk 162 meters west
walk 792 meters west
walk 443 meters east
walk 2 meters west
walk 947 meters north
walk 988 meters west
walk 805 meters east
walk 945 meters south
walk 561 meters south
walk 870 meters north
walk 849 meters north
walk 930 meters west
walk 997 meters east
walk 983 meters east
walk 496 meters west
walk 595 meters west
walk 973 meters south
walk 198 meters north
walk 971 meters east
walk 119 meters north
walk 127 meters east
walk 368 meters east
walk 309 meters west
walk 556 meters east
walk 374 meters south
walk 507 meters east
walk 266 meters north
walk 340 meters east
walk 112 meters north
walk 714 meters north
walk 659 meters north
walk 649 meters north
walk 330 meters west
walk 872 meters west
walk 177 meters south
walk 646 meters north
walk 77 meters north
walk 325 meters south
walk 250 meters east
walk 51 meters south
walk 580 meters east
walk 192 meters east
walk 153 meters west
walk 914 meters east
walk 331 meters east
walk 335 meters east
walk 115 meters west
walk 185 meters south
walk 23 meters north
walk 885 meters north
walk 960 meters west
walk 598 meters south
walk 759 meters south
walk 377 meters west
walk 710 meters south
walk 312 meters north
walk 407 meters north
walk 778 meters west
walk 440 meters south
walk 88 meters east
walk 947 meters south
walk 615 meters west
walk 800 meters west
walk 340 meters south
walk 295 meters north
walk 923 meters south
walk 248 meters east
walk 404 meters south
walk 446 meters west
walk 723 meters west
walk 532 meters south
walk 443 meters east
walk 201 meters west
walk 436 meters east
walk 417 meters south
walk 11 meters west
walk 598 meters east
walk 797 meters north
walk 577 meters north
walk 777 meters south
walk 725 meters east
walk 247 meters west
walk 708 meters west
walk 584 meters north
walk 828 meters east
walk 221 meters north
walk 251 meters east
walk 514 meters south
walk 747 meters north
walk 672 meters east
walk 546 meters west
walk 125 meters south
walk 966 meters west
walk 760 meters east
walk 299 meters east
walk 885 meters east
walk 809 meters west
walk 327 meters east
walk 88 meters west
walk 164 meters west
walk 228 meters west
walk 671 meters east
walk 792 meters south
walk 167 meters south
walk 823 meters east
walk 272 meters north
walk 928 meters south
walk 958 meters east
walk 910 meters west
walk 57 meters west
walk 562 meters west
walk 641 meters east
walk 723 meters west
walk 177 meters west
walk 573 meters north
walk 118 meters south
walk 691 meters south
walk 221 meters north
walk 108 meters west
walk 392 meters west
walk 968 meters south
walk 994 meters south
walk 219 meters west
walk 305 meters south
walk 721 meters north
walk 533 meters west
walk 16 meters east
walk 580 meters north
walk 656 meters east
walk 431 meters south
walk 996 meters north
walk 944 meters north
walk 414 meters south
walk 891 meters west
walk 806 meters south
walk 936 meters north
walk 29 meters north
walk 638 meters east
walk 892 meters east
walk 22 meters west
walk 241 meters south
walk 593 meters west
walk 406 meters east
walk 371 meters south
walk 338 meters south
walk 487 meters west
walk 954 meters east
walk 257 meters north
walk 358 meters east
walk 973 meters east
walk 866 meters north
walk 234 meters west
walk 607 meters west
walk 724 meters south
walk 397 meters west
walk 961 meters west
walk 773 meters west
walk 340 meters north
walk 308 meters south
walk 89 meters east
walk 910 meters south
walk 441 meters north
walk 122 meters west
walk 550 meters east
walk 608 meters north
walk 529 meters west
walk 187 meters east
walk 642 meters north
walk 13 meters south
walk 681 meters west
walk 305 meters west
walk 756 meters east
walk 151 meters south
walk 534 meters east
walk 222 meters east
walk 678 meters west
walk 567 meters south
walk 76 meters west
walk 302 meters east
walk 716 meters north
walk 758 meters west
walk 503 meters east
walk 824 meters north
walk 533 meters north
walk 320 meters west
walk 857 meters west
walk 317 meters south
walk 743 meters south
walk 300 meters north
walk 823 meters south
walk 276 meters east
walk 5 meters north
walk 280 meters east
walk 769 meters east
walk 22 meters south
walk 121 meters south
walk 960 meters north
walk 18 meters south
walk 351 meters north
walk 687 meters north
walk 362 meters north
walk 214 meters west
walk 814 meters east
walk 344 meters north
walk 527 meters south
walk 482 meters east
walk 921 meters west
walk 274 meters south
walk 287 meters north
walk 21 meters north
walk 121 meters north
walk 305 meters south
walk 178 meters south
walk 888 meters north
walk 828 meters west
walk 150 meters south
walk 19 meters west
walk 719 meters east
walk 368 meters east
walk 362 meters east
walk 628 meters west
walk 881 meters north
walk 717 meters west
walk 462 meters east
walk 736 meters west
walk 648 meters south
walk 995 meters north
walk 230 meters east
walk 613 meters east
walk 186 meters north
walk 77 meters east
walk 166 meters west
walk 360 meters north
walk 98 meters south
walk 626 meters north
walk 634 meters west
walk 343 meters east
walk 53 meters west
walk 8 meters east
walk 804 meters west
walk 623 meters south
walk 658 meters north
walk 886 meters west
walk 74 meters east
walk 179 meters west
walk 140 meters north
walk 187 meters west
walk 141 meters west
walk 593 meters east
walk 877 meters north
walk 603 meters north
walk 467 meters east
walk 934 meters west
walk 582 meters north
walk 297 meters south
walk 193 meters east
walk 798 meters west
walk 101 meters west
walk 227 meters south
walk 896 meters north
walk 710 meters west
walk 432 meters west
walk 952 meters west
walk 174 meters north
walk 184 meters north
walk 226 meters north
walk 110 meters east
walk 697 meters north
walk 444 meters south
walk 356 meters west
walk 71 meters north
walk 946 meters east
walk 946 meters south
walk 562 meters west
walk 353 meters east
walk 880 meters east
walk 669 meters east
walk 291 meters east
walk 173 meters west
walk 124 meters south
walk 694 meters west
walk 383 meters west
walk 939 meters east
walk 512 meters west
walk 729 meters south
walk 357 meters east
walk 828 meters east
walk 110 meters north
walk 545 meters east
walk 39 meters north
walk 728 meters south
walk 236 meters west
walk 232 meters west
walk 872 meters east
walk 483 meters east
walk 404 meters south
walk 571 meters north
walk 186 meters north
walk 120 meters west
walk 798 meters north
walk 833 meters south
walk 88 meters west
walk 108 meters east
walk 712 meters west
walk 695 meters east
walk 365 meters south
walk 622 meters east
walk 650 meters south
walk 151 meters north
walk 607 meters east
walk 474 meters north
walk 475 meters north
walk 311 meters east
walk 420 meters north
walk 950 meters east
walk 796 meters east
walk 248 meters south
walk 102 meters east
walk 318 meters south
walk 357 meters east
walk 661 meters west
walk 332 meters east
walk 389 meters north
walk 231 meters south
walk 948 meters west
walk 726 meters north
walk 263 meters east
walk 791 meters south
walk 654 meters east
walk 7 meters east
walk 100 meters south
walk 128 meters north
walk 884 meters south
walk 769 meters north
walk 330 meters south
walk 655 meters south
walk 667 meters south
walk 681 meters west
walk 502 meters east
walk 260 meters west
walk 676 meters west
walk 828 meters east
walk 168 meters east
walk 902 meters north
walk 945 meters south
walk 608 meters east
walk 152 meters west
walk 633 meters south
walk 679 meters east
walk 436 meters south
walk 553 meters west
walk 509 meters south
walk 164 meters north
walk 869 meters south
walk 611 meters south
walk 432 meters west
walk 468 meters south
walk 921 meters east
walk 320 meters south
walk 652 meters east
walk 508 meters west
walk 80 meters east
walk 825 meters east
walk 45 meters west
walk 546 meters south
walk 409 meters south
walk 242 meters east
walk 879 meters east
walk 888 meters north
walk 336 meters west
walk 270 meters north
walk 692 meters west
walk 176 meters north
walk 512 meters east
walk 351 meters south
walk 416 meters north
walk 235 meters south
walk 234 meters east
walk 423 meters south
walk 79 meters west
walk 381 meters north
walk 193 meters west
walk 479 meters north
walk 153 meters west
walk 251 meters east
walk 572 meters west
walk 257 meters north
walk 937 meters west
walk 215 meters north
walk 844 meters south
walk 605 meters west
walk 665 meters north
walk 921 meters west
walk 876 meters west
walk 162 meters north
walk 726 meters south
walk 572 meters east
walk 271 meters south
walk 747 meters south
walk 98 meters south
walk 847 meters west
walk 358 meters south
walk 633 meters south
walk 306 meters east
walk 124 meters west
walk 815 meters west
walk 106 meters north
walk 696 meters north
walk 283 meters east
walk 573 meters south
walk 755 meters east
walk 311 meters west
walk 937 meters north
walk 999 meters south
walk 700 meters east
walk 319 meters north
walk 564 meters west
walk 839 meters west
walk 471 meters west
walk 804 meters south
walk 940 meters north
walk 181 meters west
walk 39 meters west
walk 343 meters south
walk 103 meters east
walk 464 meters north
walk 872 meters east
walk 988 meters south
walk 655 meters south
walk 807 meters north
walk 59 meters east
walk 607 meters east
walk 883 meters west
walk 286 meters north
walk 883 meters east
walk 338 meters west
walk 329 meters east
walk 986 meters south
walk 368 meters west
walk 728 meters north
walk 270 meters west
walk 835 meters north
walk 737 meters south
walk 739 meters east
walk 996 meters south
walk 871 meters south
walk 80 meters east
walk 646 meters east
walk 279 meters north
walk 921 meters south
walk 380 meters north
walk 231 meters east
walk 908 meters east
walk 555 meters west
walk 112 meters south
walk 69 meters west
walk 937 meters east
walk 97 meters south
walk 847 meters east
walk 534 meters west
walk 561 meters north
walk 225 meters north
walk 667 meters west
walk 429 meters east
walk 939 meters north
walk 88 meters west
walk 366 meters south
walk 583 meters west
walk 448 meters east
walk 149 meters north
walk 719 meters north
walk 458 meters east
walk 123 meters east
walk 802 meters east
walk 264 meters south
walk 350 meters east
walk 804 meters south
walk 121 meters north
walk 401 meters west
walk 344 meters south
walk 196 meters north
walk 130 meters east
walk 417 meters west
walk 792 meters east
walk 707 meters east
walk 95 meters west
walk 465 meters west
walk 863 meters east
walk 216 meters east
walk 79 meters west
walk 985 meters west
walk 90 meters west
walk 245 meters north
walk 755 meters west
walk 153 meters west
walk 453 meters north
walk 870 meters north
walk 625 meters east
walk 531 meters east
walk 277 meters east
walk 964 meters north
walk 20 meters north
walk 906 meters south
walk 118 meters north
walk 749 meters west
walk 47 meters west
walk 901 meters north
walk 859 meters east
walk 957 meters east
walk 799 meters south
walk 68 meters west
walk 961 meters west
walk 210 meters north
walk 994 meters south
walk 362 meters north
walk 427 meters north
walk 944 meters west
walk 303 meters west
walk 70 meters north
walk 342 meters north
walk 698 meters west
walk 710 meters west
walk 881 meters west
walk 521 meters south
walk 234 meters south
walk 403 meters east
walk 582 meters west
walk 987 meters north
walk 918 meters west
walk 666 meters east
walk 826 meters west
walk 142 meters east
walk 270 meters east
walk 696 meters south
walk 710 meters south
walk 626 meters east
walk 178 meters west
walk 351 meters east
walk 313 meters east
walk 418 meters west
walk 200 meters north
walk 802 meters east
walk 474 meters north
walk 583 meters south
walk 308 meters east
walk 503 meters south
walk 562 meters south
walk 320 meters south
walk 287 meters south
walk 790 meters west
walk 792 meters north
walk 763 meters north
walk 172 meters east
walk 125 meters south
walk 879 meters west
walk 931 meters west
walk 533 meters west
walk 340 meters south
walk 765 meters north
walk 26 meters west
walk 630 meters north
walk 919 meters north
walk 461 meters south
walk 920 meters east
walk 942 meters west
walk 445 meters west
walk 540 meters west
walk 68 meters west
walk 531 meters north
walk 709 meters west
walk 988 meters west
walk 563 meters east
walk 809 meters west
walk 363 meters south
walk 885 meters south
walk 315 meters south
walk 431 meters west
walk 450 meters north
walk 940 meters north
walk 752 meters south
walk 470 meters west
walk 555 meters east
walk 5 meters south
walk 82 meters north
walk 14 meters north
walk 149 meters west
walk 514 meters west
walk 369 meters east
walk 707 meters east
walk 503 meters west
walk 757 meters north
walk 825 meters west
walk 664 meters west
walk 905 meters north
walk 446 meters south
walk 12 meters south
walk 142 meters south
walk 56 meters west
walk 890 meters north
walk 77 meters east
walk 383 meters north
walk 178 meters south
walk 361 meters south
walk 819 meters south
walk 392 meters north
walk 371 meters east
walk 771 meters south
walk 316 meters south
walk 938 meters east
walk 846 meters west
walk 28 meters north
walk 733 meters west
walk 343 meters west
walk 140 meters north
walk 200 meters north
walk 655 meters north
walk 834 meters south
walk 663 meters west
walk 870 meters west
walk 144 meters west
walk 766 meters north
walk 925 meters south
walk 599 meters south
walk 589 meters south
walk 722 meters north
walk 447 meters west
walk 504 meters east
walk 682 meters east
walk 212 meters north
walk 188 meters west
walk 397 meters south
walk 322 meters south
walk 50 meters north
walk 728 meters east
walk 171 meters west
walk 719 meters north
walk 163 meters south
walk 766 meters east
walk 742 meters west
walk 332 meters east
walk 136 meters north
walk 462 meters east
walk 242 meters south
walk 987 meters north
walk 487 meters west
walk 60 meters west
walk 368 meters west
walk 168 meters east
walk 679 meters east
walk 755 meters north
walk 589 meters north
walk 284 meters south
walk 424 meters south
walk 204 meters north
walk 645 meters north
walk 161 meters north
walk 888 meters west
walk 337 meters north
walk 139 meters north
walk 65 meters west
walk 542 meters east
walk 25 meters south
walk 229 meters south
walk 476 meters west
walk 452 meters south
walk 939 meters south
walk 636 meters east
walk 734 meters west
walk 495 meters west
walk 668 meters north
walk 288 meters west
walk 224 meters north
walk 630 meters west
walk 682 meters west
walk 659 meters south
walk 609 meters east
walk 297 meters north
walk 579 meters south
walk 188 meters north
walk 337 meters east
walk 933 meters east
walk 147 meters west
walk 34 meters south
walk 56 meters east
walk 906 meters north
walk 833 meters west
walk 428 meters south
walk 824 meters east
walk 879 meters south
walk 616 meters west
walk 769 meters north
walk 964 meters east
walk 324 meters east
walk 13 meters east
walk 224 meters south
walk 349 meters east
walk 208 meters east
walk 154 meters east
walk 60 meters west
walk 616 meters south
walk 316 meters west
walk 48 meters east
walk 557 meters west
walk 177 meters west
walk 479 meters north
walk 586 meters north
walk 380 meters east
walk 117 meters west
walk 300 meters north
walk 705 meters north
walk 408 meters north
walk 526 meters north
walk 312 meters east
walk 765 meters north
walk 299 meters south
walk 581 meters west
walk 272 meters north
walk 835 meters north
walk 77 meters south
walk 148 meters west
walk 549 meters north
walk 801 meters south
walk 38 meters north
walk 592 meters east
walk 302 meters east
walk 249 meters south
walk 379 meters east
walk 241 meters south
walk 979 meters south
walk 562 meters south
walk 598 meters south
walk 306 meters north
walk 664 meters south
walk 740 meters west
walk 414 meters south
walk 923 meters north
walk 128 meters east
walk 360 meters east
walk 878 meters south
walk 775 meters east
walk 67 meters south
walk 401 meters north
walk 965 meters east
walk 631 meters north
walk 143 meters north
walk 730 meters north
walk 866 meters west
walk 310 meters north
walk 186 meters north
walk 740 meters west
walk 34 meters north
walk 597 meters east
walk 234 meters north
walk 319 meters north
walk 411 meters north
walk 978 meters east
walk 234 meters east
walk 910 meters north
walk 494 meters east
walk 239 meters south
walk 646 meters west
walk 153 meters east
walk 334 meters west
walk 738 meters north
walk 859 meters north
walk 522 meters north
walk 500 meters north
walk 454 meters west
walk 977 meters west
walk 536 meters north
walk 784 meters south
walk 41 meters north
walk 285 meters north
walk 136 meters east
walk 291 meters south
walk 90 meters east
walk 932 meters south
walk 309 meters south
walk 677 meters west
walk 868 meters south
walk 984 meters north
walk 58 meters south
walk 744 meters east
walk 462 meters east
walk 517 meters west
walk 410 meters east
walk 889 meters east
walk 185 meters south
walk 436 meters east
walk 719 meters north
walk 887 meters north
walk 960 meters south
walk 947 meters east
walk 332 meters north
walk 524 meters north
walk 162 meters west
walk 659 meters west
walk 905 meters north
walk 282 meters west
walk 352 meters south
walk 375 meters north
walk 406 meters north
walk 127 meters south
walk 92 meters north
walk 274 meters north
walk 758 meters south
walk 643 meters west
walk 890 meters north
walk 946 meters north
walk 135 meters north
walk 244 meters north
walk 990 meters west
walk 736 meters north
walk 647 meters north
walk 780 meters west
walk 61 meters south
walk 372 meters north
walk 61 meters west
walk 438 meters north
walk 97 meters north
walk 600 meters north
walk 783 meters north
walk 801 meters west
walk 446 meters east
walk 537 meters north
walk 45 meters north
walk 572 meters east
walk 201 meters west
walk 655 meters south
walk 634 meters south
walk 575 meters west
walk 25 meters south
walk 85 meters north
walk 991 meters west
walk 538 meters east
walk 135 meters west
walk 482 meters south
walk 798 meters east
walk 842 meters east
walk 203 meters east
walk 616 meters south
walk 136 meters east
walk 408 meters west
walk 897 meters west
walk 552 meters west
walk 352 meters south
walk 661 meters north
walk 713 meters east
walk 769 meters west
walk 113 meters west
walk 18 meters south
walk 555 meters south
walk 542 meters north
walk 779 meters south
walk 888 meters south
walk 875 meters south
walk 150 meters west
walk 648 meters north
walk 423 meters south
walk 681 meters east
walk 900 meters south
walk 486 meters west
walk 639 meters north
walk 129 meters south
walk 702 meters south
walk 703 meters west
walk 503 meters north
walk 421 meters south
walk 940 meters east
walk 721 meters east
walk 855 meters east
walk 493 meters north
walk 708 meters north
walk 57 meters north
walk 411 meters east
walk 303 meters south
walk 371 meters east
walk 241 meters east
walk 876 meters north
walk 592 meters west
walk 986 meters east
walk 491 meters south
walk 427 meters north
walk 387 meters east
walk 113 meters north
walk 203 meters north
walk 972 meters west
walk 599 meters east
walk 634 meters north
walk 35 meters west
walk 68 meters north
walk 740 meters east
walk 11 meters east
walk 105 meters west
walk 14 meters west
walk 937 meters west
walk 596 meters west
walk 543 meters north
walk 723 meters west
walk 17 meters east
walk 222 meters north
walk 583 meters south
walk 166 meters south
walk 899 meters north
walk 805 meters east
walk 459 meters west
walk 404 meters south
walk 677 meters west
walk 901 meters south
walk 502 meters north
walk 171 meters west
walk 251 meters south
walk 928 meters west
walk 84 meters south
walk 891 meters north
walk 113 meters south
walk 837 meters west
walk 700 meters west
walk 711 meters south
walk 876 meters east
walk 359 meters west
walk 366 meters north
walk 788 meters north
walk 701 meters east
walk 490 meters east
walk 599 meters north
walk 921 meters west
walk 1000 meters north
walk 834 meters south
walk 269 meters south
walk 589 meters east
walk 545 meters west
walk 600 meters north
walk 735 meters east
walk 703 meters south
walk 869 meters south
walk 138 meters west
walk 924 meters north
walk 56 meters south
walk 726 meters east
walk 457 meters west
walk 755 meters west
walk 526 meters west
walk 11 meters west
walk 228 meters south
walk 381 meters south
walk 535 meters south
walk 845 meters north
walk 912 meters south
walk 670 meters south
walk 706 meters west
walk 205 meters south
walk 598 meters north
walk 193 meters north
walk 519 meters east
walk 954 meters north
walk 638 meters south
walk 558 meters east
walk 656 meters north
walk 953 meters west
walk 762 meters south
walk 548 meters north
walk 568 meters south
walk 290 meters west
walk 154 meters south
walk 713 meters north
walk 757 meters west
walk 417 meters south
walk 953 meters north
walk 912 meters east
walk 925 meters north
walk 48 meters east
walk 337 meters south
walk 640 meters north
walk 323 meters south
walk 828 meters south
walk 99 meters north
walk 157 meters south
walk 870 meters south
walk 265 meters east
walk 62 meters east
walk 948 meters north
walk 613 meters east
walk 475 meters north
walk 380 meters east
walk 397 meters east
walk 117 meters west
walk 287 meters east
walk 773 meters north
walk 948 meters east
walk 41 meters south
walk 995 meters west
walk 932 meters north
walk 876 meters east
walk 203 meters south
walk 933 meters north
walk 998 meters north
walk 190 meters west
walk 913 meters east
walk 506 meters north
walk 647 meters south
walk 392 meters east
walk 157 meters west
walk 659 meters north
walk 776 meters west
walk 494 meters south
walk 882 meters west
walk 82 meters south
walk 985 meters west
walk 582 meters west
walk 857 meters east
walk 67 meters north
walk 144 meters north
walk 817 meters north
walk 798 meters west
walk 620 meters south
walk 433 meters south
walk 966 meters south
walk 472 meters north
walk 175 meters south
walk 920 meters west
walk 997 meters north
walk 449 meters north
walk 541 meters north
walk 474 meters south
walk 968 meters south
walk 184 meters south
walk 966 meters south
walk 708 meters south
walk 162 meters north
walk 191 meters north
walk 291 meters south
walk 367 meters north
walk 917 meters south
walk 968 meters south
walk 752 meters east
walk 206 meters east
walk 391 meters east
walk 313 meters south
walk 397 meters west
walk 751 meters north
walk 705 meters west
walk 685 meters south
walk 266 meters south
walk 910 meters north
walk 636 meters west
walk 78 meters west
walk 555 meters north
walk 160 meters south
walk 428 meters south
walk 424 meters north
walk 33 meters north
walk 236 meters south
walk 444 meters north
walk 661 meters north
walk 294 meters east
walk 32 meters north
walk 167 meters east
walk 203 meters south
walk 721 meters east
walk 775 meters west
walk 951 meters west
walk 458 meters east
walk 10 meters east
walk 498 meters south
walk 284 meters south
walk 370 meters east
walk 983 meters south
walk 251 meters south
walk 631 meters east
walk 686 meters east
walk 896 meters north
walk 879 meters east
walk 654 meters north
walk 194 meters south
walk 675 meters west
walk 489 meters north
walk 692 meters north
walk 130 meters north
walk 376 meters east
walk 152 meters west
walk 419 meters south
walk 508 meters east
walk 406 meters east
walk 107 meters west
walk 776 meters east
walk 300 meters west
walk 334 meters east
walk 910 meters east
walk 180 meters north
walk 589 meters west
walk 122 meters east
walk 843 meters south
walk 690 meters south
walk 926 meters north
walk 399 meters west
walk 866 meters south
walk 402 meters north
walk 330 meters east
walk 622 meters north
walk 856 meters south
walk 102 meters south
walk 171 meters south
walk 878 meters east
walk 779 meters north
walk 721 meters east
walk 428 meters east
walk 416 meters west
walk 193 meters south
walk 779 meters west
walk 725 meters east
walk 501 meters east
walk 276 meters east
walk 984 meters west
walk 382 meters north
walk 187 meters east
walk 747 meters north
walk 899 meters south
walk 549 meters west
walk 969 meters west
walk 317 meters west
walk 510 meters west
walk 813 meters west
walk 134 meters north
walk 174 meters east
walk 938 meters west
walk 496 meters west
walk 641 meters south
walk 204 meters south
walk 725 meters east
walk 429 meters north
walk 642 meters west
walk 17 meters west
walk 781 meters north
walk 927 meters east
walk 468 meters west
walk 323 meters north
walk 335 meters west
walk 967 meters west
walk 66 meters east
walk 982 meters east
walk 737 meters south
walk 189 meters east
walk 588 meters east
walk 748 meters south
walk 90 meters east
walk 785 meters north
walk 397 meters east
walk 278 meters south
walk 612 meters west
walk 552 meters south
walk 903 meters south
walk 451 meters south
walk 814 meters north
walk 164 meters west
walk 981 meters south
walk 45 meters west
walk 566 meters north
walk 601 meters east
walk 977 meters north
walk 333 meters west
walk 177 meters north
walk 440 meters west
walk 56 meters east
walk 56 meters west
walk 396 meters north
walk 280 meters south
walk 481 meters east
walk 928 meters south
walk 326 meters east
walk 644 meters west
walk 56 meters south
walk 662 meters east
walk 604 meters east
walk 885 meters south
walk 437 meters west
walk 283 meters west
walk 698 meters south
walk 362 meters west
walk 65 meters west
walk 475 meters west
walk 750 meters west
walk 571 meters east
walk 458 meters east
walk 766 meters south
walk 931 meters east
walk 466 meters north
walk 579 meters west
walk 181 meters south
walk 228 meters east
walk 615 meters west
walk 690 meters north
walk 631 meters west
walk 602 meters east
walk 734 meters west
walk 996 meters west
walk 52 meters north
walk 42 meters south
walk 401 meters west
walk 11 meters south
walk 248 meters west
walk 424 meters west
walk 987 meters west
walk 79 meters south
walk 93 meters north
walk 297 meters north
walk 94 meters east
walk 918 meters east
walk 724 meters east
walk 839 meters south
walk 145 meters west
walk 562 meters east
walk 412 meters west
walk 965 meters north
walk 167 meters north
walk 431 meters west
walk 136 meters west
walk 945 meters west
walk 55 meters east
walk 237 meters east
walk 496 meters south
walk 682 meters east
walk 263 meters north
walk 745 meters north
walk 241 meters south
walk 43 meters east
walk 254 meters east
walk 727 meters west
walk 1000 meters west
walk 988 meters west
walk 951 meters north
walk 208 meters south
walk 125 meters east
walk 276 meters west
walk 508 meters north
walk 607 meters south
walk 773 meters south
walk 452 meters east
walk 79 meters south
walk 733 meters north
walk 6 meters north
walk 519 meters east
walk 723 meters north
walk 426 meters west
walk 733 meters north
walk 152 meters north
walk 632 meters south
walk 18 meters east
walk 34 meters west
walk 232 meters north
walk 917 meters north
walk 392 meters east
walk 834 meters west
walk 843 meters north
walk 79 meters east
walk 341 meters east
walk 600 meters west
walk 395 meters north
walk 406 meters south
walk 188 meters west
walk 240 meters south
walk 392 meters east
walk 6 meters north
walk 992 meters west
walk 493 meters south
walk 67 meters south
walk 986 meters south
walk 869 meters south
walk 166 meters north
walk 227 meters north
walk 968 meters west
walk 275 meters west
walk 911 meters south
walk 757 meters north
walk 664 meters east
walk 330 meters south
walk 198 meters north
walk 528 meters south
walk 414 meters south
walk 550 meters east
walk 936 meters north
walk 985 meters south
walk 202 meters east
walk 942 meters north
walk 825 meters west
walk 165 meters east
walk 22 meters south
walk 465 meters west
walk 680 meters east
walk 161 meters north
walk 906 meters south
walk 628 meters east
walk 338 meters east
walk 276 meters north
walk 115 meters west
walk 930 meters west
walk 487 meters north
walk 809 meters west
walk 753 meters east
walk 877 meters east
walk 319 meters west
walk 323 meters west
walk 388 meters south
walk 267 meters east
walk 457 meters east
walk 862 meters north
walk 251 meters north
walk 442 meters south
walk 127 meters south
walk 682 meters south
walk 686 meters east
walk 340 meters west
walk 212 meters north
walk 255 meters east
walk 499 meters east
walk 726 meters north
walk 848 meters east
walk 926 meters south
walk 92 meters south
walk 559 meters south
walk 594 meters west
walk 155 meters west
walk 671 meters north
walk 126 meters south
walk 797 meters east
walk 845 meters west
walk 779 meters south
walk 134 meters east
walk 220 meters west
walk 716 meters north
walk 768 meters south
walk 695 meters north
walk 707 meters south
walk 649 meters west
walk 276 meters south
walk 37 meters north
walk 752 meters north
walk 423 meters east
walk 411 meters west
walk 576 meters east
walk 848 meters west
walk 890 meters south
walk 986 meters south
walk 558 meters south
walk 129 meters west
walk 818 meters west
walk 736 meters east
walk 272 meters east
walk 763 meters east
walk 976 meters west
walk 336 meters east
walk 492 meters north
walk 967 meters east
walk 703 meters east
walk 686 meters west
walk 984 meters north
walk 38 meters south
walk 405 meters west
walk 445 meters west
walk 459 meters north
walk 199 meters north
walk 924 meters west
walk 707 meters south
walk 817 meters north
walk 510 meters north
walk 984 meters east
walk 227 meters west
walk 423 meters west
walk 284 meters north
walk 389 meters north
walk 561 meters east
walk 658 meters north
walk 428 meters south
walk 674 meters east
walk 245 meters south
walk 567 meters south
walk 62 meters west
walk 546 meters south
walk 880 meters west
walk 166 meters north
walk 114 meters south
walk 616 meters north
walk 977 meters south
walk 938 meters south
walk 177 meters north
walk 683 meters west
walk 915 meters east
walk 838 meters south
walk 880 meters north
walk 670 meters west
walk 678 meters north
walk 918 meters south
walk 420 meters east
walk 88 meters west
walk 416 meters south
walk 553 meters west
walk 390 meters south
walk 540 meters south
walk 376 meters south
walk 43 meters west
walk 848 meters west
walk 842 meters south
walk 915 meters south
walk 168 meters south
walk 752 meters north
walk 643 meters south
walk 792 meters west
walk 72 meters south
walk 493 meters west
walk 755 meters east
walk 893 meters south
walk 357 meters east
walk 753 meters west
walk 276 meters north
walk 918 meters south
walk 341 meters south
walk 797 meters south
walk 984 meters north
walk 813 meters south
walk 993 meters north
walk 227 meters north
walk 898 meters south
walk 704 meters west
walk 378 meters west
walk 203 meters east
walk 408 meters east
walk 794 meters west
walk 823 meters north
walk 613 meters west
walk 510 meters south
walk 787 meters east
walk 143 meters north
walk 390 meters east
walk 530 meters west
walk 858 meters west
walk 431 meters south
walk 932 meters west
walk 499 meters north
walk 596 meters west
walk 900 meters west
walk 153 meters south
walk 668 meters north
walk 726 meters east
walk 835 meters east
walk 828 meters east
walk 392 meters south
walk 340 meters west
walk 597 meters east
walk 221 meters east
walk 526 meters south
walk 725 meters east
walk 471 meters north
walk 830 meters south
walk 934 meters north
walk 774 meters west
walk 934 meters west
walk 71 meters south
walk 719 meters north
walk 371 meters north
walk 170 meters south
walk 842 meters south
walk 251 meters east
walk 504 meters east
walk 275 meters north
walk 459 meters west
walk 140 meters north
walk 61 meters west
walk 855 meters south
walk 976 meters east
walk 796 meters east
walk 717 meters south
walk 960 meters north
walk 559 meters south
walk 748 meters east
walk 640 meters south
walk 96 meters north
walk 12 meters north
walk 398 meters south
walk 206 meters north
walk 827 meters east
walk 506 meters south
walk 655 meters south
walk 783 meters west
walk 441 meters east
walk 637 meters north
walk 334 meters east
walk 325 meters north
walk 422 meters north
walk 280 meters north
walk 143 meters east
walk 392 meters east
walk 847 meters east
walk 151 meters east
walk 389 meters south
walk 251 meters east
walk 328 meters north
walk 792 meters east
walk 303 meters south
walk 836 meters north
walk 23 meters north
walk 647 meters north
walk 102 meters south
walk 907 meters north
walk 859 meters east
walk 412 meters south
walk 921 meters south
walk 350 meters south
walk 486 meters east
walk 779 meters east
walk 643 meters north
walk 853 meters south
walk 821 meters south
walk 530 meters south
walk 47 meters west
walk 388 meters west
walk 202 meters south
walk 821 meters south
walk 10 meters south
walk 548 meters east
walk 128 meters north
walk 684 meters north
walk 614 meters south
walk 107 meters west
walk 551 meters west
walk 986 meters east
walk 418 meters east
walk 784 meters north
walk 660 meters north
walk 161 meters west
walk 866 meters west
walk 457 meters north
walk 509 meters east
walk 298 meters north
walk 67 meters north
walk 881 meters north
walk 62 meters north
walk 383 meters north
walk 21 meters south
walk 214 meters west
walk 37 meters south
walk 536 meters west
walk 986 meters west
walk 469 meters east
walk 713 meters south
walk 310 meters west
walk 654 meters north
walk 953 meters south
walk 583 meters west
walk 363 meters west
walk 325 meters west
walk 414 meters south
walk 791 meters north
walk 762 meters east
walk 916 meters west
walk 607 meters north
walk 989 meters west
walk 618 meters west
walk 471 meters north
walk 953 meters north
walk 908 meters north
walk 197 meters west
walk 506 meters north
walk 451 meters north
walk 383 meters north
walk 697 meters north
walk 66 meters west
walk 513 meters south
walk 270 meters east
walk 595 meters north
walk 177 meters west
walk 635 meters north
walk 431 meters south
walk 403 meters west
walk 948 meters east
walk 607 meters west
walk 617 meters east
walk 366 meters north
walk 574 meters north
walk 950 meters south
walk 46 meters south
walk 261 meters east
walk 130 meters north
walk 959 meters east
walk 490 meters west
walk 88 meters north
walk 502 meters south
walk 322 meters west
walk 94 meters north
walk 504 meters east
walk 383 meters east
walk 132 meters east
walk 22 meters south
walk 304 meters east
walk 959 meters west
walk 529 meters west
walk 324 meters south
walk 867 meters east
walk 715 meters west
walk 320 meters north
walk 919 meters east
walk 1000 meters east
walk 477 meters east
walk 526 meters north
walk 340 meters south
walk 886 meters west
walk 587 meters south
walk 771 meters north
walk 927 meters east
walk 729 meters south
walk 525 meters south
walk 987 meters north
walk 277 meters east
walk 883 meters east
walk 617 meters east
walk 939 meters north
walk 163 meters west
walk 699 meters north
walk 755 meters south
walk 728 meters west
walk 609 meters east
walk 943 meters east
walk 653 meters north
walk 702 meters north
walk 756 meters north
walk 539 meters north
walk 183 meters west
walk 574 meters south
walk 446 meters south
walk 138 meters west
walk 463 meters north
walk 640 meters west
walk 407 meters south
walk 903 meters south
walk 542 meters north
walk 545 meters north
walk 895 meters west
walk 644 meters north
walk 576 meters south
walk 446 meters north
walk 482 meters north
walk 155 meters east
walk 529 meters east
walk 473 meters east
walk 816 meters south
walk 353 meters south
walk 804 meters north
walk 291 meters south
walk 392 meters north
walk 471 meters east
walk 118 meters west
walk 79 meters north
walk 568 meters south
walk 324 meters east
walk 520 meters south
walk 812 meters west
walk 171 meters east
walk 560 meters south
walk 76 meters south
walk 593 meters west
walk 263 meters south
walk 324 meters west
walk 72 meters west
walk 307 meters east
walk 168 meters west
walk 317 meters west
walk 112 meters west
walk 724 meters east
walk 35 meters west
walk 205 meters north
walk 793 meters west
walk 807 meters east
walk 314 meters north
walk 265 meters south
walk 966 meters west
walk 797 meters west
walk 695 meters north
walk 797 meters east
walk 299 meters south
walk 163 meters south
walk 796 meters south
walk 58 meters east
walk 239 meters west
walk 428 meters north
walk 986 meters east
walk 621 meters west
walk 32 meters north
walk 499 meters south
walk 724 meters north
walk 409 meters north
walk 857 meters south
walk 256 meters north
walk 703 meters east
walk 851 meters north
walk 975 meters east
walk 236 meters east
walk 249 meters south
walk 807 meters east
walk 38 meters west
walk 568 meters east
walk 362 meters north
walk 585 meters south
walk 179 meters west
walk 51 meters south
walk 107 meters south
walk 882 meters west
walk 313 meters west
walk 170 meters north
walk 862 meters south
walk 632 meters west
walk 43 meters north
walk 204 meters north
walk 970 meters west
walk 983 meters north
walk 989 meters east
walk 923 meters west
walk 794 meters south
walk 988 meters west
walk 659 meters north
walk 27 meters south
walk 54 meters east
walk 81 meters north
walk 461 meters west
walk 557 meters west
walk 565 meters east
walk 786 meters north
walk 393 meters east
walk 42 meters south
walk 459 meters north
walk 687 meters south
walk 598 meters west
walk 125 meters west
walk 639 meters west
walk 832 meters north
walk 266 meters north
walk 846 meters west
walk 710 meters east
walk 136 meters west
walk 392 meters east
walk 933 meters south
walk 886 meters north
walk 725 meters west
walk 173 meters west
walk 863 meters north
walk 742 meters west
walk 143 meters west
walk 491 meters south
walk 948 meters south
walk 124 meters east
walk 396 meters west
walk 602 meters west
walk 375 meters north
walk 469 meters west
walk 850 meters west
walk 683 meters west
walk 196 meters north
walk 382 meters south
walk 466 meters west
walk 844 meters north
walk 405 meters west
walk 740 meters west
walk 792 meters east
walk 526 meters west
walk 273 meters north
walk 163 meters south
walk 445 meters west
walk 570 meters west
walk 94 meters south
walk 293 meters north
walk 720 meters east
walk 324 meters west
walk 391 meters west
walk 954 meters south
walk 890 meters east
walk 874 meters north
walk 904 meters north
walk 327 meters east
walk 808 meters north
walk 253 meters west
walk 110 meters east
walk 735 meters east
walk 499 meters west
walk 311 meters west
walk 915 meters south
walk 483 meters south
walk 306 meters south
walk 453 meters east
walk 3 meters east
walk 656 meters west
walk 112 meters east
walk 327 meters south
walk 396 meters south
walk 897 meters north
walk 416 meters west
walk 463 meters east
walk 171 meters north
walk 570 meters north
walk 865 meters south
walk 151 meters west
walk 656 meters west
walk 438 meters south
walk 299 meters north
walk 817 meters north
walk 84 meters south
walk 415 meters south
walk 357 meters east
walk 932 meters east
walk 622 meters north
walk 966 meters south
walk 406 meters south
walk 521 meters east
walk 189 meters west
walk 82 meters west
walk 752 meters north
walk 40 meters east
walk 217 meters south
walk 504 meters north
walk 864 meters east
walk 208 meters east
walk 482 meters east
walk 275 meters north
walk 424 meters north
walk 778 meters south
walk 152 meters north
walk 348 meters north
walk 673 meters east
walk 853 meters north
walk 63 meters west
walk 672 meters south
walk 560 meters east
walk 518 meters east
walk 186 meters east
walk 636 meters east
walk 551 meters south
walk 194 meters west
walk 378 meters west
walk 549 meters south
walk 463 meters south
walk 782 meters west
walk 55 meters west
walk 646 meters south
walk 267 meters north
walk 45 meters west
walk 179 meters west
walk 307 meters west
walk 811 meters north
walk 261 meters east
walk 778 meters west
walk 39 meters west
walk 370 meters west
walk 117 meters west
walk 516 meters south
walk 399 meters west
walk 547 meters east
walk 909 meters north
walk 924 meters west
walk 169 meters south
walk 162 meters north
walk 630 meters west
walk 576 meters south
walk 375 meters west
walk 893 meters east
walk 638 meters west
walk 168 meters east
walk 562 meters north
walk 167 meters west
walk 89 meters west
walk 82 meters north
walk 379 meters east
walk 540 meters east
walk 727 meters west
walk 159 meters south
walk 708 meters north
walk 267 meters north
walk 37 meters north
walk 159 meters west
walk 505 meters west
walk 627 meters south
walk 276 meters south
walk 527 meters west
walk 455 meters north
walk 614 meters west
walk 856 meters north
walk 433 meters north
walk 448 meters east
walk 502 meters south
walk 486 meters east
walk 684 meters south
walk 118 meters west
walk 387 meters west
walk 900 meters south
walk 683 meters east
walk 278 meters south
walk 412 meters north
walk 95 meters north
walk 569 meters west
walk 916 meters north
walk 423 meters east
walk 823 meters north
walk 991 meters east
walk 37 meters north
walk 600 meters south
walk 886 meters west
walk 552 meters north
walk 629 meters east
walk 869 meters north
walk 40 meters south
walk 925 meters south
walk 497 meters west
walk 506 meters west
walk 512 meters west
walk 599 meters south
walk 660 meters west
walk 371 meters east
walk 818 meters south
walk 207 meters south
walk 590 meters west
walk 818 meters north
walk 767 meters north
walk 247 meters east
walk 641 meters north
walk 5 meters east
walk 600 meters south
walk 426 meters north
walk 547 meters north
walk 430 meters south
walk 970 meters east
walk 344 meters west
walk 271 meters south
walk 668 meters south
walk 975 meters east
walk 93 meters north
walk 622 meters south
walk 433 meters west
walk 167 meters east
walk 356 meters west
walk 214 meters south
walk 707 meters south
walk 277 meters south
walk 631 meters north
walk 189 meters west
walk 330 meters north
walk 552 meters west
walk 479 meters north
walk 80 meters east
walk 459 meters north
walk 369 meters east
walk 813 meters east
walk 401 meters south
walk 266 meters north
walk 361 meters west
walk 248 meters east
walk 614 meters south
walk 425 meters west
walk 956 meters east
walk 67 meters south
walk 419 meters north
walk 96 meters north
walk 994 meters east
walk 426 meters west
walk 82 meters north
walk 885 meters north
walk 398 meters west
walk 576 meters east
walk 782 meters south
walk 214 meters west
walk 39 meters north
walk 287 meters west
walk 60 meters south
walk 417 meters south
walk 79 meters south
walk 984 meters north
walk 458 meters south
walk 714 meters east
walk 986 meters east
walk 815 meters south
walk 960 meters south
walk 476 meters north
walk 776 meters north
walk 364 meters east
walk 587 meters west
walk 275 meters north
walk 288 meters south
walk 639 meters north
walk 953 meters east
walk 78 meters south
walk 776 meters west
walk 905 meters east
walk 353 meters west
walk 816 meters west
walk 334 meters north
walk 444 meters west
walk 512 meters north
walk 800 meters south
walk 674 meters south
walk 351 meters south
walk 831 meters west
walk 1000 meters south
walk 738 meters south
walk 768 meters north
walk 101 meters west
walk 103 meters east
walk 648 meters west
walk 299 meters north
walk 718 meters west
walk 168 meters west
walk 885 meters west
walk 459 meters north
walk 452 meters west
walk 412 meters north
walk 153 meters south
walk 942 meters west
walk 109 meters west
walk 668 meters east
walk 309 meters south
walk 703 meters west
walk 250 meters west
walk 726 meters south
walk 156 meters north
walk 647 meters east
walk 986 meters west
walk 82 meters north
walk 252 meters east
walk 951 meters east
walk 830 meters south
walk 240 meters east
walk 567 meters north
walk 926 meters east
walk 709 meters north
walk 244 meters east
walk 854 meters east
walk 633 meters east
walk 926 meters south
walk 352 meters east
walk 799 meters south
walk 88 meters east
walk 641 meters north
walk 342 meters north
walk 917 meters east
walk 403 meters west
walk 629 meters east
walk 573 meters east
walk 616 meters south
walk 64 meters east
walk 661 meters west
walk 574 meters west
walk 56 meters south
walk 672 meters north
walk 12 meters east
walk 368 meters west
walk 68 meters north
walk 991 meters south
walk 994 meters west
walk 513 meters south
walk 250 meters east
walk 649 meters east
walk 646 meters west
walk 882 meters east
walk 943 meters east
walk 673 meters west
walk 710 meters north
walk 491 meters north
walk 192 meters north
walk 845 meters west
walk 910 meters east
walk 269 meters north
walk 552 meters west
walk 456 meters north
walk 831 meters west
walk 367 meters west
walk 408 meters north
walk 774 meters west
walk 508 meters north
walk 874 meters east
walk 695 meters west
walk 433 meters south
walk 372 meters north
walk 901 meters north
walk 381 meters west
walk 894 meters west
walk 70 meters north
walk 750 meters west
walk 450 meters east
walk 685 meters south
walk 466 meters west
walk 561 meters north
walk 61 meters south
walk 745 meters south
walk 155 meters south
walk 777 meters east
walk 617 meters west
walk 228 meters north
walk 62 meters east
walk 144 meters north
walk 7 meters north
walk 876 meters north
walk 606 meters north
walk 447 meters east
walk 84 meters south
walk 463 meters south
walk 715 meters east
walk 47 meters south
walk 938 meters east
walk 688 meters west
walk 370 meters north
walk 982 meters west
walk 163 meters south
walk 573 meters north
walk 724 meters west
walk 295 meters west
walk 192 meters east
walk 235 meters east
walk 558 meters west
walk 941 meters north
walk 181 meters west
walk 786 meters north
walk 367 meters north
walk 156 meters north
walk 227 meters south
walk 221 meters east
walk 529 meters west
walk 825 meters south
walk 181 meters east
walk 860 meters south
walk 923 meters west
walk 601 meters east
walk 908 meters north
walk 405 meters west
walk 15 meters south
walk 857 meters east
walk 675 meters east
walk 528 meters west
walk 917 meters west
walk 413 meters west
walk 308 meters west
walk 120 meters south
walk 67 meters south
walk 432 meters west
walk 267 meters south
walk 477 meters east
walk 696 meters east
walk 712 meters north
walk 493 meters north
walk 876 meters north
walk 97 meters west
walk 486 meters north
walk 699 meters west
walk 722 meters north
walk 778 meters south
walk 260 meters west
walk 869 meters south
walk 655 meters south
walk 276 meters east
walk 462 meters north
walk 919 meters north
walk 557 meters south
walk 976 meters west
walk 660 meters west
walk 158 meters north
walk 871 meters south
walk 365 meters north
walk 478 meters east
walk 134 meters south
walk 383 meters north
walk 512 meters east
walk 976 meters west
walk 769 meters south
walk 451 meters south
walk 532 meters north
walk 260 meters north
walk 935 meters east
walk 824 meters east
walk 662 meters east
walk 576 meters west
walk 52 meters west
walk 477 meters west
walk 900 meters east
walk 186 meters north
walk 229 meters east
walk 180 meters east
walk 709 meters east
walk 751 meters east
walk 682 meters south
walk 423 meters south
walk 116 meters north
walk 162 meters south
walk 832 meters west
walk 548 meters west
walk 802 meters south
walk 2 meters north
walk 462 meters north
walk 126 meters east
walk 508 meters east
walk 369 meters west
walk 597 meters west
walk 339 meters west
walk 434 meters south
walk 128 meters south
walk 842 meters north
walk 712 meters south
walk 607 meters north
walk 894 meters east
walk 918 meters south
walk 368 meters north
walk 398 meters east
walk 542 meters south
walk 704 meters east
walk 554 meters north
walk 600 meters west
walk 837 meters north
walk 636 meters west
walk 871 meters west
walk 684 meters east
walk 859 meters north
walk 640 meters north
walk 494 meters west
walk 571 meters north
walk 564 meters east
walk 26 meters east
walk 186 meters west
walk 151 meters north
walk 136 meters east
walk 439 meters east
walk 638 meters west
walk 964 meters north
walk 976 meters east
walk 456 meters north
walk 233 meters east
walk 822 meters east
walk 692 meters north
walk 516 meters north
walk 145 meters west
walk 910 meters south
walk 362 meters west
walk 288 meters west
walk 36 meters west
walk 22 meters north
walk 660 meters east
walk 175 meters west
walk 85 meters west
walk 79 meters south
walk 30 meters east
walk 648 meters north
walk 347 meters west
walk 884 meters east
walk 317 meters west
walk 509 meters west
walk 950 meters east
walk 986 meters north
walk 904 meters west
walk 743 meters east
walk 732 meters north
walk 32 meters east
walk 419 meters north
walk 41 meters north
walk 706 meters south
walk 136 meters north
walk 249 meters north
walk 629 meters south
walk 955 meters north
walk 857 meters south
walk 973 meters north
walk 585 meters west
walk 78 meters east
walk 23 meters east
walk 818 meters south
walk 546 meters south
walk 465 meters west
walk 889 meters south
walk 162 meters north
walk 53 meters east
walk 655 meters west
walk 791 meters west
walk 808 meters north
walk 543 meters east
walk 257 meters south
walk 687 meters south
walk 107 meters south
walk 435 meters south
walk 631 meters south
walk 101 meters west
walk 11 meters south
walk 477 meters south
walk 64 meters west
walk 793 meters east
walk 870 meters north
walk 905 meters north
walk 620 meters west
walk 199 meters west
walk 386 meters east
walk 562 meters south
walk 453 meters south
walk 26 meters north
walk 996 meters west
walk 601 meters east
walk 790 meters west
walk 553 meters south
walk 179 meters west
walk 568 meters north
walk 461 meters west
walk 509 meters west
walk 547 meters west
walk 99 meters north
walk 398 meters north
walk 434 meters north
walk 210 meters north
walk 74 meters north
walk 921 meters north
walk 441 meters east
walk 700 meters north
walk 156 meters east
walk 82 meters west
walk 52 meters east
walk 2 meters north
walk 405 meters south
walk 114 meters south
walk 804 meters south
walk 325 meters west
walk 173 meters north
walk 142 meters north
walk 649 meters east
walk 385 meters north
walk 441 meters east
walk 57 meters south
walk 892 meters west
walk 940 meters west
walk 112 meters east
walk 862 meters west
walk 702 meters south
walk 98 meters south
walk 654 meters north
walk 40 meters west
walk 446 meters east
walk 623 meters north
walk 223 meters west
walk 270 meters west
walk 123 meters north
walk 835 meters west
walk 751 meters south
walk 382 meters east
walk 663 meters north
walk 522 meters west
walk 988 meters east
walk 64 meters east
walk 815 meters south
walk 105 meters east
walk 458 meters west
walk 338 meters south
walk 89 meters west
walk 95 meters north
walk 838 meters north
walk 472 meters west
walk 741 meters west
walk 808 meters north
walk 606 meters east
walk 569 meters west
walk 646 meters east
walk 753 meters east
walk 223 meters north
walk 110 meters north
walk 4 meters east
walk 731 meters south
walk 613 meters north
walk 551 meters east
walk 365 meters south
walk 744 meters south
walk 393 meters west
walk 384 meters west
walk 84 meters south
walk 728 meters south
walk 901 meters north
walk 470 meters south
walk 121 meters south
walk 779 meters west
walk 391 meters west
walk 197 meters east
walk 28 meters east
walk 260 meters east
walk 404 meters north
walk 83 meters east
walk 201 meters north
walk 450 meters south
walk 850 meters north
walk 36 meters east
walk 391 meters east
walk 976 meters west
walk 322 meters north
walk 910 meters west
walk 659 meters west
walk 862 meters east
walk 562 meters north
walk 142 meters west
walk 849 meters south
walk 688 meters south
walk 423 meters west
walk 416 meters west
walk 948 meters east
walk 605 meters east
walk 270 meters south
walk 222 meters east
walk 181 meters south
walk 111 meters south
walk 700 meters north
walk 67 meters north
walk 786 meters north
walk 853 meters south
walk 213 meters north
walk 497 meters west
walk 709 meters south
walk 267 meters east
walk 278 meters south
walk 866 meters east
walk 831 meters east
walk 760 meters north
walk 359 meters east
walk 211 meters north
walk 772 meters east
walk 106 meters south
walk 407 meters south
walk 719 meters west
walk 832 meters west
walk 383 meters north
walk 159 meters north
walk 348 meters north
walk 896 meters west
walk 124 meters east
walk 107 meters north
walk 711 meters south
walk 73 meters north
walk 671 meters west
walk 682 meters west
walk 636 meters west
walk 377 meters south
walk 933 meters south
walk 594 meters east
walk 870 meters south
walk 649 meters south
walk 1000 meters south
walk 928 meters east
walk 49 meters south
walk 412 meters north
walk 201 meters east
walk 569 meters south
walk 292 meters south
walk 801 meters north
walk 198 meters west
walk 449 meters north
walk 326 meters west
walk 809 meters north
walk 588 meters north
walk 200 meters east
walk 279 meters south
walk 64 meters north
walk 243 meters north
walk 746 meters north
walk 960 meters west
walk 670 meters north
walk 469 meters south
walk 74 meters north
walk 81 meters south
walk 733 meters west
walk 643 meters west
walk 478 meters east
walk 203 meters east
walk 971 meters east
walk 129 meters north
walk 385 meters south
walk 889 meters east
walk 88 meters north
walk 926 meters north
walk 351 meters south
walk 475 meters east
walk 942 meters west
walk 652 meters south
walk 940 meters west
walk 347 meters east
walk 494 meters south
walk 891 meters north
walk 217 meters east
walk 596 meters east
walk 496 meters south
walk 723 meters north
walk 662 meters west
walk 661 meters north
walk 107 meters west
walk 71 meters west
walk 773 meters south
walk 288 meters west
walk 619 meters east
walk 368 meters north
walk 735 meters south
walk 272 meters east
walk 143 meters east
walk 164 meters north
walk 517 meters south
walk 864 meters north
walk 425 meters north
walk 152 meters east
walk 23 meters west
walk 149 meters south
walk 10 meters west
walk 726 meters east
walk 845 meters north
walk 661 meters east
walk 785 meters south
walk 933 meters west
walk 672 meters west
walk 825 meters north
walk 190 meters south
walk 765 meters east
walk 866 meters north
walk 292 meters north
walk 387 meters east
walk 401 meters north
walk 754 meters south
walk 174 meters north
walk 984 meters north
walk 773 meters south
walk 683 meters north
walk 14 meters east
walk 49 meters south
walk 694 meters west
walk 396 meters west
walk 485 meters east
walk 87 meters west
walk 59 meters east
walk 526 meters north
walk 586 meters west
walk 325 meters north
walk 321 meters east
walk 902 meters west
walk 700 meters north
walk 443 meters west
walk 940 meters east
walk 527 meters north
walk 39 meters south
walk 686 meters east
walk 979 meters north
walk 842 meters west
walk 665 meters south
walk 218 meters west
walk 335 meters west
walk 205 meters west
walk 143 meters west
walk 502 meters south
walk 117 meters west
walk 60 meters west
walk 258 meters west
walk 333 meters south
walk 848 meters east
walk 599 meters north
walk 98 meters east
walk 269 meters north
walk 470 meters north
walk 424 meters north
walk 467 meters east
walk 267 meters east
walk 134 meters north
walk 22 meters east
walk 489 meters east
walk 82 meters south
walk 545 meters east
walk 808 meters west
walk 312 meters east
walk 480 meters west
walk 362 meters west
walk 431 meters north
walk 619 meters north
walk 707 meters north
walk 19 meters south
walk 62 meters west
walk 627 meters north
walk 2 meters east
walk 290 meters west
walk 425 meters south
walk 537 meters north
walk 58 meters north
walk 923 meters west
walk 975 meters south
walk 159 meters west
walk 703 meters east
walk 222 meters east
walk 238 meters south
walk 643 meters west
walk 534 meters east
walk 147 meters north
walk 350 meters north
walk 810 meters west
walk 394 meters north
walk 930 meters north
walk 109 meters south
walk 440 meters east
walk 400 meters north
walk 19 meters west
walk 666 meters south
walk 19 meters west
walk 268 meters north
walk 700 meters south
walk 86 meters west
walk 83 meters west
walk 384 meters north
walk 129 meters south
walk 851 meters east
walk 346 meters east
walk 111 meters east
walk 575 meters north
walk 610 meters north
walk 418 meters south
walk 301 meters west
walk 612 meters north
walk 653 meters south
walk 197 meters south
walk 153 meters east
walk 875 meters south
walk 347 meters west
walk 222 meters east
walk 346 meters south
walk 182 meters north
walk 987 meters west
walk 305 meters west
walk 888 meters east
walk 923 meters south
walk 60 meters west
walk 457 meters east
walk 23 meters west
walk 598 meters west
walk 863 meters east
walk 731 meters south
walk 847 meters north
walk 452 meters south
walk 385 meters west
walk 745 meters south
walk 624 meters south
walk 184 meters west
walk 661 meters east